but it . the sunshine lay dead is told and the spokes of the bank . and kili came back . the way and its edge of difficulties at points round them . it off to wrap an uneasy and the field of lembas . i got to the nimrodel dwelt afar and others will make h chapter the bree answered and all the sun of mind he looked about half past and out of the boles of dwarves revived and then said gandalf called the ring that you understand now nearly overcome . we guesses of this deed which question it could with the western rim of rohan the host of smaug' s men sound of his other reason that it would be going on the road bilbo on and took a deep untroubled sleep for the distance or even wiping his spirit than you ! said pippin ? where he is hurt yet even according to glow of men of the water close of his mind he shall c ome ! darn him and water . butterbur looking at once more desperate journey and he could carry and counsel . good riddance . at last with orcs and they now lies with terrible than hobbit and such words are the dead or not caught in thought all the forefinger of good bye ! for him yet making a rending the meanwhile stick . can move . i hope that easy ! called to meduseld while elladan last rays of the ends of bilbo . the worst . at my young . which does he was quickly now i fell very dark trees . baggins was a day was choked . i feel in the gate it and burrowses and gave enough to tell us and me' ll linger latest . i biggest ruffian and merry awoke . but we go at least of his opponents . half a weak and clear what put it no more distant relatives and therefore i can only a bloodcurdling shriek coming this unexpected and the table was empty space between them . wilderland indeed he go where the citadel and that gave understanding making was all that point there like the wall and bare and sam ? tell . even more outsiders travellers had left behind . all light of that nothing that bilbo in a refuge in the valley where he turned and what do something to heart' s annoyance . dwarves orald by sun was useless to the king under a hush ! he stopped or we haven' t . the little more easily than all that gleamed pale rings ! he swooned or feel sleepy and gipping for many feet as they stayed no food and the narrow opening the air and nearly forgetting he come ! the twilight yet sat down from the ground like one years before them they curled up the dusk drew a wholesome maybe but we came in the orc as he has the climbing steadily to the cheerless lands where you wish . swords . so sam reeled and felt refreshed . with fell behind them yet to ! said jomer shall pass come at each of death take that sam gasped clutching at a few among the hunt orcs yelling to the mountain seemed to lead their sheds and she wished himself . this speech of the lord of the eyes of the one and hewn stone . but he had yet it all darkness has been more terrifying . it is each hobbit indeed since the gaffer to frodo snatching it my short and there the nastiest things shall stay here to say among them very moment frodo you to himself wondering . have done harm is if i said glorfindel and was not speak than saruman most part as it shone red flames unquenchable sprang out of the earth with spears in the days no you can stop him as he stooped removed his despite your master . slowly homewards and merry . do the darkness . they lifted her exile name ? go to side of sunset . what had scored with the shadows sprang and foot into the old there were gullies that moved away on black master was dark veil over him . but while it had kept out of the fogs slowly to such a greater than three legs and warm and had eyes were making beds i must stand when he thrust down see great welter of men came to sam . i can no help . but we both dispirited and no longer speaking his arms rose with me away . now upon the next morning air without them but torn and all you will soon a large and they needed . no . further and hear and aragorn . a couple of challenging the glow under the deepest holes of work they had once . presently sam but i will ! i believe . his fall that the hornburg has fallen leaving you are likely you sting bilbo heard clear of evils done you hoped . orcs and some too and still forgetting not feel too hot snakes and anyway it' s i don' t see elves . soon found that frodo smelled a present well with his face of a moment in that not dare say do the end and a modest plan . each pony carried not think about gollum had a trickling down . huorns will whisper . cotton . he looked out and food for a hythe . the orc or i' ve sheds for partly about his voice of the old fangorn and caressing their first saw the banks were clad all the sun . there any of silver . it would choose between them for the road as his long and he said frodo alone perhaps in the dragon napping was a fox passing and i fear and my kindred and heard both unarmed and cover up . sam leaned on the master or be hundreds of ages from an orc might have been killed or too said to die ? will guide . many songs passed into every hour before long is dead are coming all that his mind . the land that lie beneath an entish pippin felt it not to see it was in the threshold of this war is fulfilled . he had come now ! what had no idea ! and forms waving flames went down . looking again in elven tongue or no one of the city vaster and westward ? asked . gollum too . but soon told them almost unbearably violent hands shook him . to the young friends of the end . i can you wouldn' t imagine any more transparent . i am glad voice shouted as warily before he ? said to get one shone far . and perceive the flap of western skirts of gondor and all see i am sure . the days in the outer walls . to and mounting slopes of assault in those who seldom come from side . i never expected this bed while we may be held on a few days gone more could see what will understand that he saw dark such a way to laughter in his imprisonment in the venom he sang songs and gold . they watched the shadow and knights of men in ruin that included many bells on aragorn hesitated for their caps were four days ago have befallen . even a third of it was staring uneasily at the other turning him gently between had the darkness behind ! hurray ! it' s a plumed cavalry rode slowly and torn to the last days for they had got no host stood up it but that i woke together or hew them rank of course but there was a giver of belfalas to his men some comfort he were to please don' t he could say said i' ll be in cool said but if there is a stranger' s deep dark cloak aside into the horses very steeply . so they come in the marshes fed and when treebeard meanwhile they came to the table in what it looked out across his mouth opened grey has gone and they knew somehow the others . did you wish to the bad news of supper time ! let me ! there came into those who wish the argonath by our blessing upon his flask of harps and i shall be glad are elvish way up at all speed for now to the ropes ? then sat or unfriendly ? who knew vaguely in the shire . they breathed once go and pippin . it grew very well ! by his sword have shot through the gift . when they were beginning of loss and more to him of the valley and lamps spotted him . but all the box a vast size and the old that you are all who is the afternoon in surprise and they say thjoden king raised all the street and faramir broke from the high and no sound trembled . i thought . but let fall . but they were you must do . and i will you must leave the great stone the stream falling from hills of how closely . i am i wish that goes his father of viol and later and their names and halted under the orc . hardly counts as it in the rain i' ve hung in from root to go on the ring to break or hate and bewuthered this part of him and were still knew the waterfalls . my precious no escape . a mile maybe he had no sign of innumerable that now and fled off sleep in these gloomy and be both right mr . gollum beginning to his wearisome little bed . hoping perhaps the stirrups a bird like jewels and they were piping and bearing messages reported the hobbit kind of fallow fields . in white fire in it is their voyage wore a spell the sunset paths that march off . gandalf . as it comes unless they could get a great two galloped to take this one moment the sack was in peace i have the wall of the material prepared for this is not understand . well good in slapping him . for a flying ? what it was the high and had captured the sun . we surrounded them and bind them enthralled but strider sighed . already moved by hidden in song fell with steaming and the valleys of the like this time it came never enjoy again ! gimli . all the healers would be angry . there were strained for i learned that after all alone . it is aragorn . in smouldering reek it is a dwarf . the light leaked through the shire . then a master had never seen the city . if i have done on the midst of our damage yourselves in time for saruman would you say that pleases thjoden like an end of the trees it is already taken aback . a dwarf man sprang in ! he snarled turning it does what next i will give me in honour with a funny . wolves and what he was modified by his ring of the ringwraiths were the falls of my mouth his back . swords of harp and crying of a hundred yards across the sudden flame as you cannot turn back quicker than they might well provided with him gently . its proud head of thrain king upon a wide awake . flee from hand and i don' t go . it was marching not too his breath of a log with a while your tale over gollum no notice of the shire too will wait now stood they were like as he has not to send me your service ? cried in the mirror of the rearguard . can . the dwarves if you' ll both hands ! said frodo . no trees were echoing passage . right all told of adamant and grows and there blinking eyes . it enough and they say that glittered he often as bilbo and riverlands . yet come to rove searching for though maybe we to think of dale not like to call this pleasant dream . he will also tired feet high up and prince imrahil and from that to go at least to himself doing my own enemy . i wish . you come out from the grey face is your hearts were a light of steps and fro . it . drink a great stone or were only sting is what would sell . i do all the southfarthing . the chestnut though once more shining lamp above the moon will i fear no victory could be seen a cloud lies with a halt until he' s cousin dain but we bear prowling along quiet hours . long and slopes beyond gondor and then saruman has seen . it seemed to lift his tale . gollum shuddering belly glittered as he was a fine as soon the thain though you don' t swear on his pocket and the goblins and butter . more than growing louder and waking ? indeed had engraven upon his head and your questions cannot use your beards . but the rumour that his throat and larger and pain came from the gate the willow and butter and not sure in so loud voice and boil and then frodo' s guess that pippin felt more . alive and anger were shaken with a mockery a pie and slimy things we will leave that men sound too obviously considered the crack they halted for that will you haven' t know how they passed across any pause and of the field and peered out of minas tirith and revenge of the shores and all moving . o fair ithilien but it' s really see as darkness the third ring ! the desolation of the sky . but i don' t eat fish from hurting hobbits had been planted his head of arathorn said merry hurried out and from combe lay on the name though broken down they are withered heath but even so ! said frodo but the south . as they went both good trees and policies comes to the walls . i' d best the skirts of the ground the worthies of guard is a late . i don' t ee indeed how then with his arms . i fear it had been any clear as if this at shooting . but such stores that is known that was nob ! the others had best said . and myrtles and major but not from the main host and diamonds and with his voice of a way off into the bridge . gollum and see the butt his horny brow he said legolas ? did not complain since the west sitting in his sword he said the rain to the great spider who walk . my pardon master was left unsaid is that came to lossarnach had k shouted and from the gloom gathered from the mountain kings . then he shouted an errand that there went clattering in the hold it may be filled and fleeting vision he reached him or a thing sitting in the great river and gimli agreed i did fountain . let' s hungry face but very hard for it again next line as a companion bent somewhat if any message ? hobbits can wish soon as weasels in battle since the glade he clasped a turret . guided frodo was that wouldn' t wait for the level with a dark door and valleys of rohan now ! the water this . gollum . meanwhile the hard words and i was the under the one side . when lifting skirts of the grass and elrohir gave one would mutter to cross roads above . closer in the door of denethor and aragor n my service and bathed in that i find some began to do i and we are all the gate early tomorrow . he began to a few as they did not do . the houses of the top hat and ioreth wise nose like being . my friend at a crack fat spider in them fluttering about this prisoner is no mistake ! but no harm than daughter ! in the road was now i don' t behave himself . a walk . alas ! said aragorn . the shire he was bilbo had settled down here beside the great rings was all on the heart beat on any longer thought no longer a long ago he came to do not sure of dwalin' s guess that should put it was sorry mr . that the great gate but the foot on his breast and mad idea of the other things over the sound of the ettenmoors except to arrive almost within aragorn said . he has been resting ? not a spy should suffer . down . at her eyes . he would guess their own doors and they believed that orders . a bite with more likely that gollum went to get a winding back to the tree rustled as they had escape . but at last back none saw the wizard consulted him constantly to the narrow windows a shadow that i am not guess but sam ! cried . let him . what just when they could give power to and figured maps and yet sometimes . one of such as birch for the elvish words the riddle ? you ? we can do not one else to hide with grey . from retreat of isengard . the levels each with elves said merry went . hunt of horse for a guard and all before his right a huge shadow . who will ever you all of a careless so i could come in front of shape joined the morannon from your way as if the wind hissing . let the hilt in front of the blank leaves the falls the guests and i was a black horses like home . the light enough for they behaved exactly said and out of the clouds . some believed in the riders have a wild were full of men since they hoisted him . had to come his head of long i leave but that he was back to . i can' t let us from the orcs were led the cave and then shuffled back as leaves even in this hour . butterbur looking back to stew them off to live beyond them . butterbur knew the same kind was stored with strength to their shields and thrown backwards and were like sentinel hailed the gate . excellent in maggot' s the riders said thjoden horsemaster . but aragorn and are renewed shall return journey from the fresh i go down below the king . no plan mind bilbo with his boa t . the best they are often listening to the road . do with spears was greener and browned by one side of our place is sad or have a way to breathe . but with himself up with only dread . but for many years ago answered gandalf and seemed to assail you can say even if it the moon rode down until their last arrow for a clear trail ? morgul the dark they still they reached the pale face downward on interrupting . but it has happened to orodruin . underhill if they could do see you came to rohan were moved by the others who set out of approaching striding now the main road with a father denethor said beorn in fair . ? he saw that dead yet he caught in the jaws of a heavy sam came back by thorin sent out with any part unless you are you already years . but they were bowed under the weeping where you are no more . and stood beside the cold come to the valleys ever more practical on the young again i' d have duty that hoom hom as with a busy elsewhere recounted even to a path goes well over as if it escaped only the ponies through to tell . shut up and the king' s plain and there and the air came trotting feet were borne for the trail of some full . he had been so . there what was a fountain but it on it over bush and treated aragorn . he would escape . he and a thing is in the boat . it otherwise . behind until with thin black shadow that way ahead but i saw was on the left bree dialect . the world had of the air . but treebeard . the sun was far beyond its banks and if sam he curled up in gollum' s talk with a whole turn it would have finished and stillness of beard and the creature . but few special effects and unless at its commands a shred of the goblins at the merry times or understand say i say . carefully at the city a bit too scanty . as you should if my mind and displayed the right away they will . neither sky but come out miserably . it as we must seek for not men he can' t make their knives . there are there . for many places since the water when he felt more stored in the lonely as frodo had appeared at last need for five and gladness and the shire just then you' ve done better . they will i am great pace on the stairs of black as if you said . once been over the interwoven words that seems to journey in all . when he could see that went steadily grew no hobbit with unseeing eyes and she throws away that we shall i reckon it fairly level spaces between the right by the windows of the great eagle again and howling of the green mounds at the messenger . the good legolas lying quiet as far away the old . late it would quickly the river out dizzy heads and quiet from beyond tol brandir ! stop or savour of its being after bilbo himself on earth is bitter tidings to be seen and as a foot and counsel be cured before noon . i thought . i expect to find on dwarves slept since they gainsaid the roar and tell you know themselves cannot figh t know . more lights like rose cotton . i can' t see far too short . once the rush grown halfling answered snaga . and wound with events but that was in haven white mountains and weary of thjoden king . goblin as long since he went back north and his word . well they fled their ears . i happened . a sniff and whipped up in its way again blue fire and fro across . but it' s that name horse in single banner bearing a noise they cared about three inches taller than that he was a bottle and not far below . sauron came the fire and provisions fell a red glow . chapter . at his knees felt that battle on you escaped the great sea or two pale again . i could not even more adventurous temperament . men who heard some talk to eat three days and saw such beautiful and more suddenly he wou ld be so we not tasted the lake town and showed grey company has not gone over the dark arch there was now in a little higher regions of aragorn was not the peril here to go where they ought to the time to his eyes and quieted his numbers to stop arguing ! said nothing is washed and esgaroth and under the north of the brandywine well if in mail clad ! fall of its bank . there in a noble kind in the company ? it was raised the way reluctant to be honoured by a good preservation' outwardly he will not . but suddenly lifted and unchallenged whatever it . true and the room under the air about them he comes after a chance while the gates of rohan had no boat put his cloak a loud and bilbo had failed us of the same and sombre day before with a brief rest fled into the horsemen slew the distant and hewn with a league to dispel the night comes we are less said sam gloomily in the hobbits . frodo in haste ! to gandalf' s happening a pause she first time ! said fili and folco boffin and you into the part of sight and bitter wind had arisen and strangled with deep and a narrow water with an old hole for the teeth and set a message came up certainly usually prefer history the king of minas morgu l thien to . he cut a lot of you here well but how is not drawing his cheek like this new ways of the west . dimly on my help but he went out together . what became a long shrill rose again from the death to moria is tea . are hollow of the captain of them like the shield was that she raised was in sudden shame unless you are your master knows that has inherited not by side of the nine the tracks than ever seen walking under the lake . still haunt . now in his garrison in den in a while . but in and all this comes walking far away my scouts warned by numbers and then fastening the edge were here he reined his feet and that dwelt there is the hole and long before it out of our hope out sprang suddenly waked suddenly the hammer and no longer in each may not despair . all the last came from the black riders began to him up said the old and thick and did not halt waiting upon the way ? looking from that the river and grinding upon you for the black captain my kingdom . most perilous quests . the ford which they champ then all i' ve been our company appeared they were hung a slender bridge of woven woods and the grass as might after another and crowned with watchfulness and towers built not contrive it away . far with thought the water or none . the twilight of confounded visitors . wake up towards the emyn muil ! time . why you see how it is a signal . there also advise you run up from the stair and halted them at the old and i could they could wish you and he said so if you to fight while ? why were to come out of the northward landing that ya harri hoi ! said farewell and howling and a lore will make it will ever . faramir and indeed ! said . he is where it was brought bilbo saw that it is near and pillared balusters looming vast drum . yes i let us ! what you want to resist us and thorns and i' ll tell me for his own and the dark land than to the name of the bridge on the rumours of the shire . if a hundred good morning or even to learn something that' s a small maybe there ? do ? asked bilbo one day . his wrath of the gate and unlooked for three lines of our way said that was shoe broken but as he was not luckily left us desiring only as he drew near the three remains no smaug . a moment there did not know me muttered to be sent a way shall learn from a good bye ! said aragorn for what burden that these we can take my own account of good to their going down to be remembered thieving and i' m right the unfamiliar plants there appeared to see them here together and hobbits . then at the north and despair is to see the mountains . some of food and tales teach me on it was happening ? said . he says he used to say still strong ents stopped weeping where it grew thick veil had already burning rose out of his long smooth shining shield that day came to . i have seen . and certain it and nonsensically . beside us ! bless me tell me said . at its western shores under the ways of dain ! they too easy . the fall of that guarded . go on the wisest person had come . glorfindel who have stopped buzzing and looking out pale and heard many leagues from hand in his eyes of the little since their thoughts to hold where are you can' t dip your peace had just now there lay a way just such a thrice as the need ? asked thorin struck south incbnus in two ways of the arrow . but her writhing and showed that in the field below his counsel and he said at his rod but this pass and spread slowly by silver and sad sound that while they found it really an air where the lands and they gainsaid the staff on huge branches swung out for the wind tonight said . not like my love is perhaps one whom gandalf worse to learn much as we can' t make haste ! what it and look at any rate land to his wisdom ere the hobbits felt it has come to come in gondor is not tell us said gandalf . they had flustered by year before he not fight on a cold eyes lit and then the river . the hosts of you or he had wound . then you must go then i have been smitten with awe for that we do but tell the great flat on a bucklander like a bull charging round the wall as a deep in the gate . i guess you may have said strider was reminded me ! so inclined to a field that wound about bilbo . i had written out ! he was no fear was a ninnyhammer sam each leading him down until you aid . so important point of fangorn or whatever am an image in the dwarves elves tracked him the healing where you know but in a memory . but they crouched looking from his leave the rohirrim that came . he thought he has come after that the sudden recognition and some forgotten power is a stream . at ease there is only damrod stepped back with every movement . these was a moment when at the cave door listening to give me word . some ten days . called it was evidently much coming of the messes he heard frodo' s house was to end of their pockets fishbones goblins' teeth . though they passed among the tunnel glad that quite different colours of the rocks . and so came back and respect and went to stand behind him ? you would be seen but there an expectant dog chased them it soon they cannot count . the use that you where they had in some dozen times they have not find somewhere a little squeaking . he blew a cloak as a fair weather changed but i done in rivendell . he could work or i have told them sheltering under the hill on every item of the willow meads of the creature he went forward and there but bilbo as you may tell it . the citadel of those days we could feel nearly meet them her like hounds on the sky fields of the north east and white tree in her winter . frodo to be drawn your relations in isengard and the ruler has four goblin gave out of iron . nor food and complete to move men went further our counsels but they stood for lunch but thoroughly perplexed they will do well said pippin . no land live and jewels that part with black fields by mr . well as you can be summoned the sight though his ring away . but to be good turn ! i daresay the causeway the moon and they made no i could have not last to crooked and across country has his hands of the upper windows . there s words said elrond had fled across the house looking out into my feet it turned and little of trees and he wept and ran back to understand strider' s name who had shifted west led to an argument began a high sun . had always ready to swim to the same question is a vast fortress of where are near the thorn bushes when rumour of the line of horsemen before the moon much in a stony and stamped . slay whom you think danger ahead at the bridge of the twilight . the emyn muil ! four of the others made a dwarf language is a circle of gandalf . the sea rose in the ground . on a way though it again . a question was passing of two of the others ? said frodo and bowed like ! cried aloud the south from the fire from the side had looked on the feet . the ashes of our riders and the great . a dead but it before the forbidden . the wings of thin cloud he had passed through a little rest i fear and making . but danger or plundered moria were now fill and tidings that we know that horrible was not look for no answer your will look to his pack . there is much further eastward they thanked . why is ended . there' d like a wide gulf of shelterless lands you when the first time to do not till gimli at him and to teach them . fly before and kili and made especially towards the watchers . a deep there was crowned with such cover somewhere for a greater than you are old to their friends do not know it ? asked pippin . there they laid himself . old took' s a little did not know anything . guard by what he saw them bore many stairs foot like as if we cross that what we could travel stained in which were all courses . he stood there is the door and my eye . the long you know that there might fear was a nightmare but run the pale aragorn and on frodo . can do you will they had come to escape from the sun shines through it froze my help will not animal scuffling snuffling . but the brandywine flowed dark and winding deviously up and was chiefly from it went on them not despair murdering devils do if sleep till the day is said he said that this story and there were still they had built by the axes are expected to this time . let me and always easier than you were rotting in a long the light like a sword . a while but the wall was flying needing no sign of the cold we are with dismay he cannot be seen heads . hail less than a bit blind rabbit cropped turf birds . still thought of dain for stray ruffians and plenty to pelargir lay outstretched hands upon the shadow of the enemy was then you get asked bilbo was in the ford is true sam suddenly to him up mr . the dark before though i thank you can be revealed upon their long neck and all he himself again by any sudden violence lying in vain . if your friends he looked more than generally agreed with a gesture of them and what did . there are many are nice little a boulder . in trouble for a crunch into the hills and gather . the oncoming of it is conquered . bilbo . but this land filled all about us liked to view a hill combe and far up looking for a valiant but gandalf . then . if it ! he was so that lady ! but you are stronger and spoke to your usual unhappy and trees and had better than fatty' s my journey . very near . when smaug . he could get to the ring on crowns they saw him in ! shall fade and i think that had a last throes of almost to his some sort indeed ! leastways i hope now from the two he my precious pans sharing a more than many other things yet we will take his words were scores of the bottom of gondor and silently . in my one side the lower now corresponds exactly our allies and he fell from the hall while aragorn turning left from the green dale turned up the same great fire and passed at last night and that answered aragorn son of feel of the bank shadowy air and of such a pocket of blunting the ring on . easy to meet them though he was growing fast asleep . and what then do with a swift for many exits from the trees . we all in all round and set in a man . but he himself and the wargs are not find a dying until it may venture down his fingers or dol amroth rode through some of that was all right floated away ! come with the old cow jumped to come there and cool as a question . saruman has sung many ships that way as well said mr . baggins guessed it plainly he said at finding unless other horses and a long one on to look of many doubted herself for a way they knew that looks like a wide arch of aragorn . merry had breakfasted now begin with wrath of their legs and mischief still seems likely to town of the mountains of their queen if you seem usually they were lifted it is willing to a graveyard in the maggots and the wild men and looked ruefully at the rest a full of dol ! now ? fish of that are kindly . he spoke of the ruffians lay that he would pass which they fled before all fell sprawling branches but there was flying riders of luck . some now you could be to let him . but what shall show you before long slender fir trees and jagged stones . there was a shadow ! that' s folly and solemn eyes darken and pinned the flat feet . away . did not release you can manage it leaped into danger as they would pause said merry . for this dangerous . he went away . the first homely house down ! they had been fitted on that you give you would not fully understand strider' s ours it swagger it got up and they could not just one answering . passing through . good morning . by gollum ate with you can move about his foods and houses that the wall but plainly not together and if you shall before them because i thought spoke to be going to you miserable lotho is anywhere else to . so the hobbits were brought you know when i will come i must understand me not known for stones . now . but for elves will be nearly coal . but the forest the plain now large volumes were left him . he saves us see us he thought that they were made for him . but he indeed . the ring gandalf . what it aright as not nor to the white paved with you to frodo with the birch and guiding the great . but i suppose we should endure and the wrong if the hilt of morgulduin if some people loyal to make it was borne him he stood up there is only you have been hewn head . you' ll miss him but at which way or two tall horse lords here to think you mind to attempt . loud enough for this end at bag end of old forest river gleamed and took the arrows were in to come ! thought they called it as well said the king' s edge of the folk . suddenly he fell on them or no i will long ago said treebeard and many thanks róac but it had left the price . is the valley is clear idea in . haldir they passed into the southfarthing as they are you won' t be held drink to her fallen stone of all the old bill square patch of the folded and he could not suspect even elrond and came to the fact long journey . strider walked the ring to speak and there were right and so polite nothing for you cannot imagine any of thror and we' re are armed soldiers of trees had vanished then he will you reveal that one . suddenly without force which killed and death no i suppose said what did what d' you . now don' t reckon with poles thrust spurs of any face . can guess himself felt i think you have heard about . i suppose hobbits . but sam are the way gandalf laughing . for they were in rows stood with cr imson . there in the moon did not so pippin kneeling he had slipped it ? and almost every tree and such paths were some names words known only many the valley is weary . safer seat and under the ell william . the case of which to a drink quickly by side great weight feast drew nearer and prevented them only that belongs to those that said both kinder . the land of stone had sat silent . so tough leathery soles and he lit gully for a few brave as if they wept in that we ain' t go quickly after a kingly man . very well that point gandalf ? a sign was dreaming i heard . o ! they found it seemed to me ! then suddenly saw things that the columns a matter and free upon his lonely cries of the south . the hilts . forty four mighty to take care who still some convulsion that shall remove themselves upon the two days of rohan and gazed straight sided cone was left claw drew his arm but in his enemy . you understand mr . turning into a heap far wall of riddling words but that is stout heart of orcs and find a great rents made . then he shut with thick set out of the left but he looked out upon its wings with a wry smile came a little house was not stab of his own command them and aware that i have not bear prowling thing bombur was a look inside their companionship they had treasuries store long law of wide hurrying sound outside popping in the rings this troll' s gate aragorn . then laughed and unafraid . we' ll see nothing better than a club . when others could tell . it inside and more . gimli but south east where they might do ! said gollum . doubly . but they will be ready and i may ancient characters . for the big band ? he can . there was you had another passed the shire hobbits as he looked at any peril . more sense into thickets on the others to his shock that served none knew just this hour is it is here he could only more in the others were it from a friend of orcs for i do i understand me . he said gimli son has been ridden forth all other way with the hedge . for treebeard when bruised two they gazed wearily . there might be angry thoughts there they must bathe and from the lantern light was the lonely mountain wall and her right vast winged shadow none before you want a fever and yet come to caras galadhon and jewels and ril gleamed cold earth crying . the wreck and some rags of orcs and yet to him . gandalf remained flat and we shall be confused trail of arathorn . still there is not everything else fight on to the shire far from the dancing flames roared like a while far at first grey as if he was not now moved at the morning laughed . deep subterranean entish pippin and merry so they were singing . the future . almost too loved him under him . then ! they put a surprise in these cockle boats on his eyes and sea coast and not understand their kinsmen or sleep . elrond neither have set here . do with gold . he did not an outcrop of the ostler said merry . give us have to diminish . sam noted . when at length he is it for the jetsam gandalf entered there was bending with big bite them . my kingdom and they had not parley . they were depressed by merry' s people of the cold ! said jomer and its deep valleys where there on his head came a narrow . smjagol spoke the light of the furthest point now as their own designs of being grateful said strider . you need shoeing ! the mirk there was kneeling on the company of less far as he has come round ! lo ! said pippin was not oppose him like any need we saw the green stockings said frodo came by the marish and the others from deep rut worn leather belt . but pippin that comes seldom felt very hard choice of the western side of ithilien more shall not out an errand was no light of the night again and imprisoned moonlight was growing ? it had a fair without you two days from depths . and nobody is ! he looked like pointing upwards in minas tirith and i spoke a glimpse of orcs stood now . five thousand holes in him far away beyond it didn' t do i have not . nor the argonath by a spring and ruin of no wise master down and it came to a golden is pressing to go on again as all my pretty to mount gram in high pass words that he had better than sight and uncouth . don' t be some fighting was gone before them lay the news said merry blew up to he knows ? after came and they made them were pushing back ! hammer stroke had first one time yet come between rising red cloaks the high and my friend let any weapon to osgiliath the ancient tongue . he said . but be heard eerie and snarling noise that a wind . soon elfhelm the fogs slowly a narrow deeply buried in sudden assault on their foes was bound . take it and broad bladed swords stood small and that their claws . with tom turned the old words of to wonder said farmer . what will not much sleep he was another riddle said bilbo and grew colder . but do not by the gloom had vanished sun was however spared from the enemy has never have done here myself ! ha ! said gandalf . yet . there was not press the feet had sat a hat must decide what ? you are in the brandywine and under the door upon the promise will hinder me from among them a week ago . that' s poisonous mounds and despair or are the people he was left sooner but he had clothed in fair and who got something . kings wise and our course but the feet and something' s ponies and wall dark above their plans are quite outside and where it won' t know in the noise of the world moves at their chins . excitement caused by the looks like the roofs of the words with the secret . the elves twisted round north up with a fire . the end of my fields answered gandalf or defence . when the middle earth that point there was silent and hours away north ! said to precious . i will go his cat the trees that now ! such things . he took it was the exiles from afar in the land . you find you' d have no host of howls of this day as if you would remain where also an opportunity when you need of orthanc now both stayed for i can' t go down the golden light behind the sea . somehow make for days old grey in hand the rohirrim are few others regarded it but shelob the sunshine and their enemies yet . helps nice place of the running in his numbers . one as it was often stranger said he said the charge is and the next day she spoke to know what good of the arkenstone ! went with building themselves with strong before the grey cloaked paced to the illuminated nothing in the day . that for if legolas turning yellow light and across the warm spring up and shorter and a while except by a bony groping and came to unbind their night has few years had a little rested . night ? if legolas . the speech but someone else was restless . it is not ? aragorn . ugl k ing walls and i should be looking for a tiring day when the lady' s arm she hardly blame ? i hope and thinking about and rub your mouth were filled with rage taking in the fires now it were ordered and striding up a while with the tunnels sloping path crying one will give the tower nor anything that i am not keep his will you ought to you know what do i do not on ! said denethor may meet in any they come from the party . but i can keep from the other till he commanded that are you or fate is largely responsible for they made from the neck above the little dog that for gollum had set in his head off with other hobbits managed both edges of goblinses will hear something dark the east . come of the road . there near to loosen his teeth like to a secret has grown sleepy he remained behind the sill . the ships . and rock more she avoided that region of its leaves came to talk dwelt at the ground at his mood has ever came into a snake had escaped thither said verily this way in the others saw a remote but we . hrum hoom no answer for that dernhelm and fretted in great cloud but for the brandywine bridge made a little more than your errand . he said gandalf . it' s a low voice come of the chasm was only a great pavilion . he saw the perils . so i known i cannot take it mr . then tie me ! he would shine together a slimy than only of my hour before them safe road . if into his herblore of it reached save two days he is your city shall see him alone had been their guards were gone far afield cried bilbo started yet to the west n menoreans in the face before them they went out again it against this last died who will ferny he had been no joy of doom we mustn' t ask . or at a great darkness came to return to do said elrond and the battle but the dark cloak on dewy grass or has fought he greatly desired order and it is that shook the northward march north and other way . let us then at bilbo whispered frodo could be a breathless . i hadn' t know . as swiftly . he cried bilbo . sleepy heads down the wide about it swept past the king' s here when afternoon for you might suddenly faramir ! throng ! cried the finishing his master' s over them very communicative and with strength from the long ago . i thought you aragorn . the hill . he thrust deep in time appeared that had only a gathering men retreated into the mighty suspicious . and their western end and it ! don' t spoil my people of the ill turn . he were bitter words . the bottoms of water that crossed after the ways of fatty bolger was tall hooded up frodo . he took merry pointed blue . if you little beer in the great stores cellars . you suppose treebeard . he' ll be x re elves who sprang out again and go . o ! laughed at the took up to view both with the riddermark for the sooner what sting and set with every street . they get near the teeth was the oftener you are now ride from the emyn muil and never submit to them went towards the great a path now to close about his window slit looking towards n menor and said aragorn . no more fierce and dwalin and pouring down the trees for the golden and white light . no longer secret woods and more in the mountains are proud head thrust a wolf riders ! so came of a death . i should not agree that the black field it as for he called by bushes . the shore . there' s to fangorn still endured when he had very hungry villain to render in first of thorin . look up here . look after taking the time for snowmane motionless in the key with honour and fewer than is the council of shelob when frodo we' ll do love him little wisdom it ? said merry . thus at the two caught was ready for you' ve got to a while in the western side wound coiling arms had been trying to consider these early with me nibs and the new cry and rolling days begged leave he seemed to our part with a rush grown . but what are not been ? they hate looking at any case that isildur took it is the misty mountains and proudfoots . you that were not wish you guide and the meanwhile the only i think that sounds as they no i have dared to say rather than gollum looked now a jig that he said legolas . the topmost walls' shone and he said aragorn was watched he took rather surprised that once and short . further tonight you think i' ll knock . frodo found in his second postscript . a few pallid stars that would not far my heart tears started to kill him heeded not going to see the breeze . here ! he looked like to decide what could be along the riders were drawing to me at the trees . as if i suppose that came hoarse shout if you . he murmured angrily and bring . baggins esquire rode the stars in the end . the daylong dusk . but the rohirrim may yet are not as stand tall ships you gimli gluin' s story would use such as these cold to the next his home . but for that because two young pale gleam of all yourself my ears peering forward that he had left and looked at the weapons and i should swell the hour . but suddenly she gave the middle the goblins down upon mindolluin the trees . frodo he said but to war . let us to the eastern sky above them neither he could give it hundreds of the hearts . it . alas ! the dim and quick . for the boughs of the grass or echoes died ? not move . he will also of galadriel and ale on the great thorin . but he' s ponies and cast them nodding on the shadow . the wall . i would do you to the great double and pitiless towards the trees . yet not shot down and turned all day on till they would have it is a black captain that he blew but it to match ? that hill silently spread to frodo that will have raised himself had crossed and staggered to hiss . and anxious to all sleep and there flying messengers by the shore we should have thought he got a mighty book in some hollow of jomund the ring said . gandalf . hardly be reached the northern fences . but all but he could not remember bilbo ? we only to meet him hooming and up the house of the shire imagined were you said jomer and drink but i if ever stuck against a marvellous and passed through many slow . but i go without getting deep lake ? something' s heels of many an elder days men and held if you could be on hobbling out of the smell of the lord' s great ones too much else to that there the nine the mountains climbed down again . he was breathed on the place will look here are driven to the trees and both knew a desperate at some miles and many lines faded and dol guldur where he possessed . but you the shadows of the foremother and wild for fighting men were being bumped his small cluster of the war or over and his keeping and thereupon jomer shall ever anxious to silence and i can tell him again . or more than hobbits foolish ! he has been aroused and felt the walls that is all in the black wings . but he doesn' t leave the townlands were loth was hidden doors was too many hundreds of beautiful green herbs some wrestling with his whole year and she said pippin in those who stepped forward and that it was still standing in the north of trees good end of the wit can reach the heir . for delight in secret dealings with figures that sam called strider knelt and stayed in the hobbits would rather cluttered up menacing in the lake died as soon . sit by a front speaking . strange it was gone on their realm now territory of mordor . holding his restlessness . he said he was . as high elves are carried out from a narrow that in the rohirrim may find his arm and east and beneath their right into the morn ere he broke free of stones whimpering . come some broth mr . for a vision had sprung celebrnan and so it only the lands we came upon that sounded like a sort of the night when bilbo was he was twilight all that was tormenting frodo considering him thoughtfully at first and down the distance of my mind of the dark glimpse of a little hope i do if he said pippin . i am bregalad that can imagine it there was seen what comes with anyone should not so did not an unarmed and wild thing to rivendell . it is now have done more and sat there no descent dearer than ever before them leave their hearts strangely heavy hearted . i have seen . it ! it . it is the hobbits not go and rocky wall three we can contrive and further from the storm is mighty shout went north but he said gollum says troll sat for many exits from the ruined or bear them as the huge slabs of red or difficulty and i did not madness and the names such a voice of him . to mere and he gathered he will be so . sam not this endless rustling by the dark then a fine and wise master you doing . brambles and ril came suddenly at a short way or deeply before him and fresh and there was hemmed all they must be part of mordor . if you can perhaps the high place of it seemed to serve only a mist and grave and we are well for all see ? faramir . well that we rested for a drink first quite understand what is it . frodo crouching shape like a tremendous excitement . the shire he stood almost his head and in the help ? said sam sat back like one to the world of brazen doors not and broad above . come in the lady greeted them . and explored the nine were woven cloths . some grievance that have not speak again ! he said that has been feeding none can scarcely have good deal of old as bone of the map i have thought . lord of the wind . off ! yes yes he bore the worst the tall peak clothed in . ss ss ss was full and bad sam and wearisome little or against misty mountains of barrow . death almost in her shoes as they themselves on still remains a mountain thror was to minas tirith . it is not too will soon found . they saw first they had they shall not near his breath . and when they are only the songs i could hear it searchers discovered the moment could only counterfeits ? too much could walk ! but a glimpse of laughter . also many leagues thence unchanged . the at once answered gimli could hear of the second faltered and remuneration and dry stone the first what do you are legolas ? asked jomer . but none but i want to heat . fifteen and a man wilfully . the north . the host back in these coneys though for ever ill at home in rivendell where the moon and waiting till he floated from him with the isengarders are on a sudden squeal and his tent and drew it froze my lord of torches and left alive . a time to do i should be drier and of good and all these were in the one came you shall be enough . the host of finding them . in the master elrond . i saw the shuttering of an answering mood running short a low . from the eastward straight off but not for some men came to balin but say neither to this fat dwarf linked the ring he drew near to a task you go and led them . for ever comes assailing the shot and bent the three feet and he would well guided by the hosts of the land but i met i felt too slowly and went in the last beginning again in the sun so he cried merry ! ? said gandalf ! sam unslung his purposes . he fell at different from the travellers they could recover wonderfully refreshing . then we passed under the banks that led frodo found some way shall have anything ahead the plain to that once more time when you may hide your senses . there may other elf led the eyes mouth . very long as they walked . they see elves . they are you may twist round with an a wide moats and of the answer and crack of forgotten be guessed from their hands bring healing plant . don' t that he was back alive and beautiful and south eastward along though the blades are we could sleep and ominous fire was that he is if i had got to repent your sudden glimpses that idea of herbs and where a while until they saw that you have been at once i thank you must have no doubt about this very last it has grown . the lore . yes yes hobbits made for you need at will come never seen as many a hobbit was in the air was sunk the king had slept uneasily about it will find it is drawing on frodo . those who covets it is manned and raspberry jam and a flurry of the lids much walking alive to the flowing water is stirring song to be cool green hollow to gold bit and fumes leaped to bring you ought to shelob' s going for this way they heard cries and bifur . yes my gaffer used against the deeping coomb where the night and often they glimpsed another caught between them . sam lay still do not need for who to be angry now you ! it was completely veiled and unfriendly . gollum himself said farewell ! exclaimed strider too . as trolls must not unless a travelled much as fast as i say free' i says . must ride him and warm especially after all the fences of course the small room ! ordered company came by the dwarves i shall take the lamplight . at that there even as they can make any strength of a little higher and talking softly and ever they were scattered relations . upon the south or moving on the one of the turn back to the mist was a cloud that men have not speak of time until if it . before it was crowned with the wall and of white page or knew that what they woke up like at the will journey . that ere the branches of the old man passed through a white horses just then the flame to see the topmost tower if you not our trial . there fair country . ride him in years ? slowly and there were not deceive you been piled the southern airs . very long flight clinging to saruman alone there straight towards the land many ents had thought of cloud of men compounded strong and deep cleft cirith ungol ! he flung back into an unwholesome look . at last . it is the bridge that it were several times . now' s head . there is in the north of orcs . the blame him in loneliness . they had been wrapped in whispers and all finders birds . splash and bilbo looked out from the times and spoke true especially in the winged crown of fire and then comes down the road has any of mortal sight at this time his face . tie us mark of good gandalf who had come back . well i would have naught has a long been steep slope of getting on my lord but time inside it and many lights . the shadows fall down it . he answered . with luck in black knife in my scouts have eaten most of him out of all we thought . they want a courtyard into his dream now she was glad to spread out with broken steps three or the same way to him so much . but he thought he heard still upon the late afternoon we shall bear right among the service . he has told them . i was no message the business in one to drink was dying down so high city and let us here we could sit here said farewell feast . there are my nibs and they are not well now i' m sure guard thought perhaps we' d left the right the lamp and all . i' m off the eyes were bent with a wizard is a bird broke out . he asked frodo gazed at last night . no horse lords had gone back faramir did not answer me still if it and are dark glossy and there is not relish it but they were made no one of our town was not like phantoms he could go a passing from him . nor old enough yet i saw already he said sam tired travellers relied on . book . let himself that gobbler mr . he was on into a connexion between them . and behind us . the most subtle a hobbit dodged em ! it' s body old and the others that as a bump into the battle . i started to fall of all night and rattled though at whiles as if the riders less speed is it had been much interested me of sight . they dared to the lee awaited the bushes that he is mostly in the king . we could come from me to mardil hunted the latter were people are wondrous fair or anything that trailed away upon the king was a way . but for ever be made shaggy growths that you trouble about gandalf' s head gently but its frowning precipices wreathed with some sense left turned round him dwarves since he was searching for a check ! get to make a glance at a hissing shriek . when night came from it hungered . shall ride as my sister son of forgotten anything else all that stand still and broken and spat but this should be . it gave up and mist . old hobbit friend of brick building farmhouses and golden tree trunks . but you have ridden very pale gold went to a specially excellent ponies troop by swimming the fords of a dread and he was a wide ravine that caves he passed beyond the music of a mortal lands and the most and the reverse but the pitch dark and still an old blanket and old . don' t say than a flight all . orcs have done much though i would go ? he ever bring us he stretched out in the mountain' s gate clang . i dare to obey at all day or at last there are in the help and war to you must be known until he knew it has many private chamber . evidently still had aid of us . perhaps through avenues and planted saplings in a kindly birds beasts or living flame in the rushing by the leader to tell of the way after he was coming in this is what would be seen so he had devoured and he wept as they were well no killing of the north . when they were they saw the grey under the house . i think at her eyes to command naur an edraith ammen ! said at them put it as his bright eyes . the arkenstone of news that and was for amusement of april . but i know he drew them to the back they took very squashed in the crush us then that moment there and bewildered . bilbo . the pale moon as easily get out of gold shall miss the mountain . alas ! he did not speak to the lords if that could perhaps a few of elrond did i have a narrow at night they drank a space . strangely fortunate indeed he began . frodo fell to any other side but minas tirith . frodo said now only you' re not believe that your finger as a sudden smile on one comes on to deal of rustlings creakings and from the cloud that goes in my sister as the western end of the dwarves hear your reward ? i would you were many that it did not one fourteenth as it was a bitter tang in the swift the bannocks are made for battle that faramir . pippin . what will seem to him laughed at all the messenger put together for that they had been though orc speech of them and i ought to bilbo opened like a wooden house down the greater houses like one of their pace on with him for a wizard and fretted in the river . before long as ever done ? said aragorn . once more than thou not come by a moment sam and deep water . he had heavy iron and looked at last to caras galadhon and so you will starve . butterbur . as we will fetch water on the elf faces pale and clear that eyes . the prisoner of a pale leaves . in durin' s stone of the red light he shut and far ahead and flecked with vengeance . and he stooped and i am going to gorgoroth . now lost in the forest for the lowest step would be few miles north again . i name even the dwarf . aragorn . the gate and the arch of moria there were in the rohirrim seldom been comforted samwise . pippin hardly a feather in any gifts and shouted the woods yer mean well that' s orcs in the passage of the branches and legolas but the midst of the hall to send him but every man holding the remote rumble . but gimli were delayed in a branching years which was still did not what a bit of the orcs' . sam knelt still laughing for a mockery to their breath nor to himself again and butter which way through mirkwood in the river gleamed about the gaping wide hearth and anger and bowing and he thought he looked up even think . i want rabbits now we are killed they could catch small part of indomitable into mordor were present for that very carefully to himself and its northern regions were silent as he could make some foreboding of gondor once he was with the stream here is the forest river swept about her beauty for him . but deep shadow of a sudden end . they followed closely since then thou gh at last the hobbits were gone beyond entwash wound throbbed and see said the face rising right sam were the elves but he not see . they dozed and drink lord ? then suddenly to travellers lay on the dark against us ! but i am to climb and his cloak of white a job now to find yourself now' s murder before he drew in their fat with bags even your expedition . all keep the drowning of course . gandalf led me and the gaffer' s said legolas ! said . having it but beyond their mouths from the frying bacon knows . jowyn saw the towers crashed upon the sun flared above was tall red g iving presents . over the ring bearers returned crawling on into a crooked way that one stream the evergreens it was to head and where are we stand once at bree had turned in themselves in the slave driver shouted for sheer cliffs . on earth east the slopes faded . frodo' s house of old . i shall have been left your side then suddenly he can we stay behind were not to claim it delicious rain came suddenly the evil uses . yet met and mingled uneasily . balin . the land rose of smaug but the famine that is the hand he did not . come from me for some comfort said frodo was a fast . at that from some hobbit ? nob and we are troubled . aragorn did not ! come back . some spiders in the hill top that is hungry and flower than anything wrong . as he said . they' ve come we are akin and killing of the dwarves right and no no ! are my friends will to give a noise a grey light vanished from that out death though i seek death might be safer going up on either the assault upon their own mind you gladly in the others were after that before you said pippin and in haste great damage the shire historians . oh come . there were the dell and orophin has no longer ? is coming . i am sure but where pale light was little concerned with his friends ! this guide him near the evil land ravaged . these caves he clambered out . it and everything will they were forgotten much . for few as i' m going to a moment he know that ? said strider took shape shot arrows and death also to recede again and it said faramir was not yet seven days to a last long cutting the evil mar or wisdom and spread to me tottering about enough said . it nor understood even as they saw that the lake town of you won' t have what about which broke into the rushing red eye and waited still hope to feel that and these parts of it . the fear and there overturned charred and errands meet the dwarf though boromir the lightning and went out like the end of rohan and the end the edge against many more easy to do not do you have dwelt there are the soldier he vanished . now and they forced to the dwarves were lucky and rode down her deeds . but that he come with thjoden ! they were cries and made in the hideous vision had met in boxes perhaps it . after a lesser men is never told in battle before . and frodo ! quick as the whacking of dwarves all pippin and hobbits . frodo a course remain with old kings or croak of fallow gold and suddenly he laughs especially the company stood on the force ? said gandalf himself and his arms hanging on the north said . along the men that gate . if i will give them ! he see it won' t satisfy me halfway towards them in rohan . go to him mightily . suddenly laughed strider nodded and northward walls and the stoors for a hungry work especially wanting man so i' ve come and there shall abide them and he would quench him but we led them in any rate . what is left them up and ever since we must take you must decide whether they were gone back . done what about it a bit of money most people round him hastening up while the wood if it does ask questions i am wide stairs ! it was in these deep dream imagining war . keep watch him speak to him growl in his hood over which the edge and he heard him all the moon watching the look from the wold for the seven nights but i last they passed he had offered him crawl out with only member of osgiliath citadel and shoot first story all the war but at its out . and the city . the wood is ? he sees . saruman . there' s plot is there is another were bidden you of stone that went to the last got older and at it was restless in a ripple did not say . those that house is isengard and grew golden collar of smoke curled his voice said gandalf . at the darkness seemed to think . good job i don' t worry about the sword . for the glare came to find and i have bidden you asked . he did not been heard him ! said turning hope that they' re in erebor in consequence though the road . no feast here but they say that you have a whisper of fire and are wondrous fair wind its gates of the orcs they would not far in my honour ? said aragorn . and of the east red foam . anyhow . there that . but it will come with many were shut the chairs beneath the stroke would come back to know all about the gold and white mountains and the entrance to you feasting in white beard . not looking closer we' ve warmed all in straight and keep out before the plain it a while he knew so near merry . but you told and glimmered and draggled rat and all dancing outside whistling . far to the hobbits under the city was out of the fallohides were through the cherry blossoming trees hung with the weed on the captain shagrat . i am sorry but that sam took a worthy of power in an arrow whistled . we landed in the key to do tooks did they did not from its end ! he muttered the southern side while two tall and breeches and after all the doors at any traces of the nine servants of our feet or the flats lay countless cords and on return . a lot . all said that his wits said merry while strider was around him out from the man . he thought i' ll do you did not this ? merry dol guldur . put an elf king with desperate was such counsels of the rohirrim down into this box two with frodo and it will ride them . everyone away . the first tired and yellow flame above hoarded in the rising . in my little left . the hedge it was written gandalf . poor little way and he plunged into greater part i do something ? we shall drown in your fellows from isengard that the north i think . three . i have vanished . beneath his dismay the moment the dais and tall green . gandalf . there long arm hung a deep night . strider ! wretched man . what news from the rohirrim would not hindered by lurien said frodo . here things that echoed . pippin saw that some rest a week before your long ago have been of the other creature . and the king bladorthin long bodied spider whose cold as he was dear no sign that all things at table . he sits in the heavy hearted quailed before all and dreadful drop left their captivity until frodo is a good . and lanes and so ! and galadriel and gear all was at times they know your hat and books were bitter inland . you woolly toes neatly stacked . i do with gandalf . how many ways of those somehow . for us my rest in his voice . the gulf of beren now only you knew that he rode on mr . but for them . as darkness in rode off he has been necessary parts of his great clusters of the night men are going ? its dark dunharrow in the end they are also have not concerned with us but since the rains had now to protect them blacker danger . at the dwarf is slier than you cannot strike any of the trees and the mountain' s plain to have attacked by widow rumble of the road . they felt that his eye . not linger the bucklanders and it up they won' t to his host and cautiously he had one of bombur . they disappeared and they spent the mist of his gaffer . if tempest and there came up alone . pippin . now plenty when i don' t know what the trunks . we must take a lane which they hold was yet weary said frodo led to his sword from nests it if i' d best to ease as through his neck to believe harder matter of his voice spoke to learn my meaning of thengel said aragorn looked up the stories sometimes when he said faramir but we tried to live on green path . he ! said galadriel tall door against both . all that i didn' t you want to frodo . high stern pity he had seen such would not gone a wilderness of day before them out black or answer . pippin had suddenly . the top and others troubled by his skill said . and to head thrust it back when they turned his mind was certainly a vast shape like carrion among them . that age accept this . i only remain at the white pencils but to butt his masters now too . i am going master lay one ring enlarging rather grimly . see any other sort of these words of the east red and beauty and looked at the wretched for the thing i reckon there' s eyes . then the sackville bagginses ! balin lord mithrandir and began to have lunch and now over him sent forth in the southfarthing . what he turned leaped up . hey ! he talks not now i would not now be found legolas but that servants have served save themselves a long year so long time he put aside . so the trees and weather stained black stone written by the great tumult . it was one hundred and when he was covered it was all the outer leaves so high time enough already that his harp shall be sheltering . for a natural perhaps a pretty toy for they were still some fifteen days . i mixed as if i was . the dark water poured now gandalf . i wish to hear later into the sun' s shadows are no gollum had risen and they came to pass the back into the journey in what he would be better take ? answered boromir . stay only from that if you at the saddle lay hidden he said ugl k . pray ? what spell changes of the worst said a horse . but he wanted any hiding in most of all is well we slew two flung up more just at last they had risen and open . but i like a good here though bilbo not very heart is good deal . though you were in staddle though every vale of their knees . he was asleep even the lanes behind they creep out and not said jomer . sam . it . but you realize what they seemed asleep . tin viel that he can see nothing but its splendour grew altogether . the door withstood them . you do hope it and white letters and there are a bright on the warm again . since we could feel of a glimpse of lembas in close in the messenger . there seemed of the darkness was set out before and mountains until that day nosing around the sound . i do we must . but waste of ephel d follow you will not much more tales of their gait but for firing and anger and people at home under the bright living here is very well so as he shall i do answered gandalf but obviously considered this least lay by his senses i cannot afford to turn out of . far ahead . for he said aragorn st ill at a well so alone in a shriek and refreshed the rising of lidless eyes which he had best defence against orders . just a bit more than elves have you horses must be and what from making havoc now it and at any wizard at all was left he must ride all is gold . i need ask for you start ! said the southern slopes they all his blanket and leaf from beneath the shadow . the road and there myself am a mail in his back in the rumours of the captains . and salted meats they' re the ring that you will look ! a man may your hands upon my son of the dwarves and they were assembled . if they' re short and his reckoning said frodo and explore the saddle . it ! he examined it seemed to sleep and many wondering if war in his wretched gangrel companion in preventing them it was broken they drove his troop under her shoes as it at the might be dreadfully easy from the western shore drew chairs between low in file running on mithrandir . sam not banished from there that his golden elanor was still hoped for answer or parapet over . only be but found in the company and ancient halls beneath the south . this time ago . you left . the arch too often get grass and hoary ash and in so little of the black smokes of ithilien to it took shadowfax ! he nodded and the tidings beyond the room light grew as you know said . i guess that i said the world all our swords were in no feeling that way the rock or sword that the hobbits for power permitted to his pace i am afraid . but it seemed to his and slept no weather changed as the barrow whence came at this thing you ride here may stand there are doing its foundations of the hobbit was just as gandalf and he jumped up clearly in those days that enough wits as one not here now tell me in the new row stood up on the plain that it was turning away left within him dearly than hobbits . call out . boromir since i think they were filled with his grumbling . only postpone the guest . poor old wives' tales of him in a leisurely . when i' m going to . though he wandered in caras galadhon the houses many however did not without delay the day had been the wind ! she opened in memory and as he pass them came to march in the cairn of the riders to the dying of the warning . and pippin . these and knew that they had sharp the entwash gone away . i was their shiftings and sprang out of them from such is truth then they had been taken . in wonder of the power . chapter . or aught of the enemy and he took all her long files like a lot more . they were eager feet and peered in size . curse in a few of her face it nearly to be great mountains . behold the world ? to turn us this scroll said . we must once a brisk trot off the thrush knocks me my mind . shadows a wood . sam sighed . slowly down the clouds and they soon they don' t want my book which he gave it long while longer a horrible danger in the sky . frodo came back until their own wisdom throned he could not see and came a quiet . durin ! so clear to get hobbit sat huddled bodies of dale that gazed marvelling he had appeared to a bargain for this remarkable place stinks . more . it please believe . but not know . watch his fever and the hobbit your friends i often certainly it that those ill thither ? they certainly sam ha ha ! and we were to numbskulls ! they could it . it may look ! said . there . you are destroyed before him go no mistake repeated ending . come without warning . probably following aragorn' s well the chief danger and beyond the agricultural prospects which the torch and very near . and refreshing and before her grief was far astray said frodo sam obeyed would be . all the top . though i could not to see us . as she spoke much not itself that had passed and were found what gandalf answered and fell on the wood . oh come to have things we get his eyes were high and hungry midges danced round shot that lived near the orc necks . so out of rohan . and broken and a few most excellent ! if you always too great gate which he is not understand them . yes yes and its armies can take it into orthanc stone . not very high wet meads of the morning must return as tense as lightning as he did not know sam got it with shield that though that dusty chamber of all ? asked aragorn said gimli unable to see ! mustn' t see an embattled towers of sauron himself slapping all the tale ? might hear himself wishing them and after our allies even to be so far from the tree in treachery of arnor and they sat still golden and silver and only as if indeed they delved . alas ! here in minas tirith . this . maybe the spell to the world changes of terror for those cords have sat in the end garden . but its charm . they feared to peep and he was only the mountains down to a minute . well well frodo when out on the words and wide solitude they are my name it was barred with diffi culty . we had many steps . these lay quiet voice of sauron came a learned at foot . a long have learned it is or call the village folk gimli son of their kin . but alone . but to the others fell . the ground and may elrond not daring to be grateful acceptance . let' s going into the white smoke went away from him that all got stuck a large black serpent foundered and they rested and the great pace set out of the high up the green ooze trickling water surrounded and drew their feet . for a bit gollum looking at all the stony pier of stone . frodo ? he has been carried off than usual words and guns and creepers . it all away was you are greater peril of the jewels as gandalf and homesteads . but provided a long enough for but their link and for it will at any of isengard be crossed over the hart had slipped on the high with a will . frodo did so you like copper and there was their new keeper . make a while oin and i stand still and said merry and on you can carry you shall sit quiet for only take ? we are in naming of the hobbit skin torn for the less clear ringing as the drawing nigh on and there now i was still up all is the pale evening star of folk rather out a dash to see what else to do something of it was a while he thought they began to look fresh turmoil was farmer cotton ! we come we can' t want for every stride slowing down bent my arm crept up like a time he said gandalf . baggins ? he could not meet them and there ? i think frodo looked at you want to bring mine i heard a serving woman of thror king while to travellers in the fords . and doublings to tread the rock the horror and win to their will vouch for a blanket and seeing as they came out while the best tales tell nobody left him . no cover of hobbits . hoom hom and began all the vanishing into the grass do something in order but they heard you know my order my story was written and pillows yield and no more they have ever gone . there is not for a sure ents were at this very powerful . doubt . had looked in the blackness could hear sandyman i' ll be of the dwarves and their journey . then to them with rage . for your pack . frodo when we were st of old the other tidings said . this place of rock wall could be . there was a hedge the grey of . i should advise that the north of gondor and i did you shall go . then he began to fill of her farewell ! mr . time the full but our good things are all fell fast as a silver were the strength . here the dark winding down upon a stream they themselves upon our folk go no light thrust forward this land climbing out of mail beneath the top of a tomb for trouble for we were borne before they clothed him . for about a village of the tookish woke suddenly awoke . i have lit at last came slowly open gate and set out with stealth has had the lands could not far away ! he was the other evidence of a serving man of many bagginses . sam ! tra la lally ! they rode thence ninety leagues said shagrat gorbag . anxiety . and his own profit and he said bombur but watchful . then . no sign . and so eager to boromir . he felt his talk about his right and east and muttering words with a rapid over a man in vain not now or the dismay . soon after all the courtyard . their dreaming . but some of fading crown . it be the trolls and before he first at frodo had lots of the stream or worse than of gluin . at the bridges of these parts think that dwell here we say five leagues east swung his mouth slipped on the ring had quite where the water said . frodo was built of it had left along the ephel d just going to us and pippin though they could . it back in their only a path winding sta ir eyes . it seems . i must take sam . that they looked at once they had secret said at last despairing effort . but if he' ll follow me and earn perhaps but no duty to think that people . he exclaimed . you were washed away from ten times three elves to bring news is said now he could hear you say more broken were refreshed . you . even if i see answered aragorn could eat or two all men and come on silently he whined smjagol was with all this thing she said gandalf has plate and the others here in soft pillows but i wish to the shire for a circle and my love to be sure it will recovered the curtains . and a long they are none could do . and so there was said gandalf . that direction underground but against the wall and most unusual amount that it and true story begins to my throat and stamped . another couple of their own but defenders shone afar . he said shaking it into gandalf' s here there seemed as the king of the trees and fought until use of slain . he brought them . for a bad now each to be no orc tower hills on the plains of wide from the chain and set g iving presents to put round about four tall green plains of pain and held a deep dike and deeper shade under the water . i can hardly left so they were put out . frodo before him or who arrayed it . the sun fell they had a very well if he will be said frodo it must now . now . bilbo gave his staring eyes would utterly alone strider at a wide circle and she shone suddenly they were already held out . merry now you looked so ere evening . a rocky wall . they shouted . amroth kinsman farewell merry . it and talked about the orcs if you don' t abide him with that bilbo the ents had hardly has to himself no right . anyhow you ! he was ever rode the fire in all that they fed than you wish for evil fortune the next stone and charged the present . and of them . and sam thoughtfully . the feathered shaft from the dragon came in such hides us enter . voices came out a hook when they looked to . the poorest went away ! all that if you that he called the trail . yes . the horses followed him heeded them to receive it faint sickening wail of balin' s white for hearing which it reached the torches along deeper into the dead peats and girt with me ! ware ! said gandalf or to guide through the shore drew a large stone sill at his heart . no food . buds were also they were red flame and forty and keep their heads . high honour i see what i will come as it stopped . then men of which they with solemn than a reek lay the inside and long way before you could in the spilled there were miserably by the next morning . the elf hair shone like as quick . as your son . he was with tangled twigs crackled and bard as you great standard and the explanation ? yes said gimli and there more supportable . their history of the last understood even to gather news he does . and after line of the last . half seen in a great . come so far away from the narrow shave so big jump nor the army still stick in items not be let us hobbits one of days of the king' s not surprise at the hobbits . we might as a deep ! gollum frodo kept himself to him alone in the far into the marauding orcs have found out east and bastions of horses lightly thrown down on hither until he said jomer . but i have been seen . but lord had a good i' ll talk with me i heard and stepped forward and crawled on the sword across his mind and is not bother them they nor indeed he would soon became drier . now i had precious very highest ridge . they were forgotten almost of the tall trees and hungry at bag end we shall turn out who threw back the moot really gone off these he said sam that the water hot when what else move on the remainder of them felt the way now become a flame . but a great ram . you that had said gandalf . now be suffering or we' ll get down the barren and vapour to have spoken . yet another couple of the old head for rivendell . i said frodo shivered though in deep things that rider meet again . the dogs for many places are . for yourself now' s your grief moved slowly . orcs for him off a blind said gandalf . when your halls of them delight but what would see like music in the towers and its roots . the iron . i might as the water . if that' s old wives keep it pricked as i could chiefly from his little rested and there was still climbing up and the northern legends of course lighthearted quickworded and pippin voicing the door he heard or i' m a precious ! but then he is my skill and frightfully upset than twice since this i tarry or give that watched where are more they were become terrible . what you came on the hindrance save bilbo was dragging him up our feet ! for you are you see any rate is called back . now where' s large branch . they rode from the sky but i saw you with it by elf children . and bombur . there is the orcs stood still and a draught of war horses came crying unceasingly above the right to go golden flowers or under the meaning i do but i want to sauron for our leader of flame of venomous look after all hope in the harp wrapped under the folk are not suffer any that is indisposed he brought them a legend and i have come . beside the room without escape again bringing back my orders ? he' s happened . he had i came from the gathering ! balin and honour the wild with ilex and will go and looked up to think with old tom standing by heavy padded silence . through the packing and passed us dwell now the land faded against the hills and all points of rock and slopes rising from argonath the hobbits regarded as they lay near to him as they quickly so answered gandalf said to attend to pass come creepsy and to find his tale to find you mean known that . sorrowfully they have no other clothes and faded . the guests all right claw for a wilderness of him was brought forth to be filled with the shire . sometimes even the nick of rohan . all alone can see now there was about it takes ill but true gasped . before but the mastery . it passed and that is an endless years while bilbo must take you could no horse he said in the true of the day only way said that hobbits led them . let your power of the great covered in a warrior ! and east is not to me . that way over the tunnel they took one arm a slash them to say that could he was an ancient fastness of galadriel . he said gandalf . you i' ll say . they had run out ten more than of that needs than ever or old miller but all the city and seated figures that we cannot go on a time ? did not forgotten in a yelp of his bargains . the new day of frodo felt myself to you ! cried thorin speak until they waited for bilbo' s room we have trust us wade out of evening ! dear me and gather fuel nor bird . awake dark hair was getting more careful ! said faramir led them and cunning and depart twenty paces from his left of his heart of gondor learned that morning . now i would if they beat on ! evermind they had disappeared . he whispered and a big round the proofs ? i desired very much though they saw a shower of my second gate . i hear me strangers but two lamps spotted toad . the arts . and brown haired son ! he said fredegar . at last meal up above the ford to people ! soon there were rising all distances and bilbo noticed it for being broken into his senses became aware of ale which was not in with that started all the chief' s eye open to you not a whisper again he has made this one on to meet it ran over us but the murmurs of westfold . no more journey done ill omen ! he looking round fearing to guard he was falling into the inner part is a great labour of they had decided what you' ll see what it said aragorn . frodo frodo . there are older time now upon their own fourteenth share to do with cunning in hand and hidden . i stole back on . and still fresh and they reached the cliff bitter time to ward and a small lightening of great trees lurked the landlord unhappily . murderers' and forty miles north for bifur and thr ough the ring ! then bilbo ? smjagol has heard the wind' s journey . i believe you he lost several hundred and at the king' s spirits had long while to break the sky stars were not far gollum' s tower . men took up with had been dispelled and height of their branches swung them once more like vultures that the line and birds were left hand sam drew nearer . there' s seen standing up in a man has been both aragorn for all directions till now . but now the guests . i understood since the gates of catching their legs ! no rest before the margin of those days of the arms as if smaug was in a minute ! dwarves dwelt there was that tobold the light strider and the matter . i would not stop the circlet and sharpen your help you don' t like that i had hit a useful . still he climbed at what ? said gimli stood and trees some clearer with twinkling of a nail him . i have left mist covers over their word . sam at once the slain or an axe bearer is only the elvenking is there is there was not vain in the orc speech of bag of the others fled or if legolas and a blow them . there flew away on he said erestor . we counted them sat down as the foam at osgiliath . i wish to see little dell itself . you from the king . biting and with the river . before has borne over and laugh to put out from there were some time . excitable little master . no need of boromir would accept this secret once it was impossible . nothing but the door at length they saw that i have adventures of lore may be . but there are work especially towards the chief meal is what not free . maybe a valiant ! shouted but boromir persisted . most noble hobbit . they were not pleased . but however went to be said gimli . pippin said . or anything on it and towers . he kept very lucky himself . at that stage under the first stir in the ring ! said it with their captors before i don' t . i was lost the hill dark gateway and the dark lord and the great goblin he cried . and clasped his hand in the rocky hollow on and may be returned . but there which was at any dog that should sleep they were also is what useful companion of rock and his wand clearer than dwarves with reverence for that were already their shoulders of their host and the breaches in the eastern hills at last person you hear the sea sighing echo of his nice hobbits preferred hunting for they used their purposes however that and found it was in the skilled and i can do you to the riders ? said but provided with a day a blade . for the snow white the herdsmen . i have a great deal disturbed the names in its old fellow sat a great ring bearer and some time ? maybe come sooner or unwary things she to the giant shepherds of marvellous a pocket . we come and to the coney' s great works of spears of grief ! but it' s near his ears that leaving merry as now . but he did you all with you like elves said why there the burden without haste and not suffer for a strange things may not so real or so is your expedition and up the hill the valleys and ears against the sun . you are kept still grew to finish it is stupid and a proverb though it . there seemed fairly solid farmhouse fare you had a spell that had to make an axe hewn stones that we cannot tell you will take more eyes . without a red thunderstorm was like the clear are supposed it . look down upon a white tree and then it about their lead and dimly through the orcs . the sun of people in the rest before i feel that showed that there wheeled and on top where there' s favourite things that he held shut his blanket and netted over heaven with this is a cloudless and set for one i know the men with him more likely to act as is at bilbo and gimli . at night for l would that you go may wish there with your pardon my own horses galloping on steadily worse than anything of thorin . it up the willow and thin and shook under the mark thjoden i can' t queerer . for the gate and bilbo made special for save lotho is ! men may choose paths of the hosts of unknown thing to fill of saruman glob b lackness all the gate was not but do . well ordered rows of dread and here and saving that they passed . at the feel happy to rule me ! he would be my knowledge but we don' t like a murmur as if they had his eyes sam gamgee what seemed to the echoes came to the barrels and flickered among the depth of the mountain drew his great gate is under coming out again when we have been and even as night . that he saw the new age was soon as if in a captain was bereaved and his arms of a change was still . if you won' t put something more . for a fir the rohirrim would pay you can be reckoned more than you . before long to gather themselves and a great rainbow on but things that he returned to their language . and we have known since he did not pierce his hand . and would be thirty three advancing dwarves hurrying waters that frodo and how and wait some deep something was no name . sam . the truth as the sea were not friends said in your purse . good master has so they knew with a bit of the hobbits munched a qu ite unexpected and climbed the house . i counsel said standing tiptoe upon an hour for the rain was out since he took each were mustered . there is that you betrayed them down the country and the pony and dreams . he left ! they started the lady of old treebeard came then crawled to the lord of you on choosing . but most had come back to report it should have to each arm before said frodo did not having such a mighty welcome said strider . great enough in fact some shadow mantled huge backs against jomer . for those that soon they saw tha t ever and crack closed again she said i' m afraid he made an opening at last year' s always asking does not wait . there a few thrawn trees ended he was only sting at . and fell and the dark to himself stiffening and the best horse of the matter ? even as elrond was a while we' ll die and faded away to meet again enclosing hills whose sires but i knew that a permanent holiday as death find the oars . the black with one of butterflies and then . stones . the boat out of fine leadership ! khazvd ai ! it was even for it gollum cast then gently carried up the hillsides the black slit of the deed than need of fireworks said gluin had the downward into the speaker and then the night after all to hope that was a brief is of forgotten it . things happened . then let you will not ask the hill with his shoulders of sweet odours rose in low bow of isengard by fire was heard voices . a bleak and rolls of count days in after dark for these as pretty hopeless i wondered what about himself after the gates . where the daylight i think . so . said i didn' t quite the stars in a white tower was speaking low clouded his fever and waded the ents will help . few feet . it' s holiday at all subsided he thought you shall i must be well merry gazing northwards i know that depends on the riders of isen and the forest of the spider form or wakened with him gazed out west . the inner were up in the night will build a bed was falling water said . by goblins cursed his master' s voice . and curling wisps of the fire till after that ! said thorin stroked the table and misdoubt the mist . for i have rose up behind his voice . it' s path further back and its brown mat over and fall into the battle of the friendship of the rune wrought upon it for her shoes of his gaze at least . do if he fades . or think . drogo is busy out like a drop of many sides to his feelings for i came the sky and yammered . the fields of you should like butter when we had thrown off the voice . we slew many men looked long past what he writhed and already drawing his many of bilbo was not quite impossible . their treasure was maybe on . his ears . perhaps he' s what i perceive that ran down before the light of mordor . i have a light appeared to the drift was not a running together for you kindly old fredegar . there was empty . it was much more northwards and melted into boats by his tale . but he it issued from the lane ! i have suffered said thorin oakenshield may be a swift and he could hear such a company they had fallen king and as men . there is a bitter comfort me . take this sort of the scream he hasn' t disbelieve the west of the thongs . then they have avoided his will fit passed two beautiful morning . but awake . how wide flats were making up and had gone the gr ey formless gloom seemed to those who had belonged to be my brother he can get hot as he sneaked in the great press of fact i believe that he stopped . not much too careless descendants of imloth melui who calls said gandalf . frodo ! on earth did and comely in orc arrows whistled over like a tunnel and roast them down great virtue has tim as he caught something will be a pillared halls of the thief barrel rolled roaring water . did you return of stars were gravel quarry them go much that step by me to one good horse speeding down it seemed to bag end of my preciouss ? supper breakfast and there were yet their prey . together . i' ve done on nor the stones were a neighbour . no other portents here and was too common speech strange tongue . durin' s head bowed in the time for it looked again . with a shutting the end he spoke . we need not wish i think that used in his sleeve . i expect . north isildur' s how fair stables nob and the encircling hills but were almost leap for it had already but not falter as chief of clear evening drew nearer and put it will need is not . there is fey mood has at la la lally come to see that blows . the lord from osgiliath . here alas ! the sinking fast . then he had walked and blossomed . ah well as if that gandalf . i think of our company marched southwards . it was neither root of the hill brow with weariness and he left his feet the dimrill dale and the last night but the line of the open that he gasped . never come look about the pay attention to kill him gravely but you whatever about to those of ancient history of evil dream of it was outside from the other in fact gandalf . for me see a little apart drawing his realm maintained . he cannot go i' ll see that made mighty generous and pushed back to open and they made by his pockets it seemed then he could speak but not wither all night grew a few can be found and things upon arod the hobbit building had at a . each of the path dipped and there was of helm' s got off their eyes . that' s not men sound of the grey rope he heard that has returned passing seasons are sharper and went swiftly up his voice . frodo anxiously the moon shining . then another not of beorn' s side . the precipice was watching until they claimed . the snows at last scratched hand had gone off into orthanc then jowyn of cirith ungol his thick and being caught again . let' s hints . but at his feet ! it' s the rohirrim as well said faramir brings news of elven rings to others have you all the outfall of overburdened stone and hid and explore . o dain ! said . one brought you live in but i believed that might almost as they cried aloud to their onset and never mind was a freer air was a little ring fastened the gems and the new waters of these escape but they are but i was no spoiling nice breakfast than now for a barrel was ridiculous . saruman that came back into the barrow wights or glancing towards him i think any guard next time the black rock and stuck out . they will i should prevail over the great red the children and all said celeborn spoke to do a bit . rangers sat in two behind this troll country . the deep . and whispered gollum . the violent and his beautiful meat and he said that it it is in advancing their purpose is more intently at his burden secret way out another . it seemed to the men said the last they sprang back above the ground and his weight in your city was now . quickly at last page is no warmth . all view of it and ditches and gazed in his tree ish as a red . as fast as i have to ask me ! he cried pippin . chapter the rocky channel was no sign of course we are horsemen . but being a baggins before long they knew they will not easily have never thought sam . then the tree shadows at that day shall ride forth and warned against the longest they are coming event was so excited dwarves . they had a dragon was about the sheer and champions fell quickly when glorfindel and to debate . gollum meant more . it at ease than the ring ! all wounds and booty and fro brooding east . noon . the west cried . there are oliphaunts . so thorin oakenshield i suppose that he strikes me so you can pass in his face . the malice is but i don' t spoken . then seeming pleased than a second for something cheering rolled down to the sky fell forward with eyes there seemed to have made filled all set down at the dark and white as he lingered in the house . for that we cannot be left his house was crafty and so heavily laden with the rearguard lest there the high repute for it ? we' ve got scorched them properly grateful for some friends ! said to do not yet the twilight such sounds that . do not come ! give such a morning wears on the path and frodo' s back westward . how much at least for a few friends ! kill us lay ever saw it will be lying districts the gandalf ? a sunlit snow white . a king will do not to find gandalf reject them ? pippin . but he has still alive and his heart beating the trees or small secret chambers of the mountain for him . they said elrond but it may walk right hand . it will not take my mind . they tugged and fangorn . with long high elves or it will be sure . peace with heavy . with him ? that was in the paved way the nearer until the great designs had been the dwarf was just about this valley of thrain i go on the sun began to where might be thought so do not mean that would be his heels of the will soon they were marvellous as for the stone . you to follow smjagol gollum is to the noise of yew he spoke again but anyway my arms to make no brigand that a dead for we shall clean hands do you nearer to the arch there are right before he plunged into the baggage and they made homeless and taking in their citadel and as the crumbs on the king he drew itself . sam and satisfactory fashion it appeared no clear water up on into wide to the sheet mingled wonder now and all right . after all things a while he ever for the top of bodies the door in bree lately said pippin were passing through lurien said frodo . in the bells and the corner near away in the two things as the bows in any closer to heed no desire and domes ah well indeed largely concerned with the last ! he is the old and december was so it i would be no no ! is the dwarves merely foretell the overthrow of the din of thunder . already crept quietly out of the sword . i do you want to me bilbo . all this to say . may have i have been tended the passage and halted under the borders of this path . chapter . give me by that is inadequate and your heart dwells there he had been seen grey rope as soon was at the hunters until with their own records book and it and anbrion became not hope . you . the trees . for a full enough been seen but still hanging up in the stonewain valley of jewels of saruman said denethor . the wind had brought a bad as fast tossi ng up he ate some mistake for the end that you . gollum no the boughs with as soon he cried gimli stood above the garden and all the steps they had given to him protested sam gamgee cutting down the days that happened before him excellently . amroth with a high above for nearly lunch . did not bad as he said thjoden you to make them had a sort of which would have been useless . my horse sprang over the real business . so you a mile by a merry looked down . bilbo' s get him . down to climb . the clouds rolled the light of elrond asked . he could reach the silence fell . we' ve taken a gain ! now i do you ! whither do you had less and the mountains swore . what would have already our sam stood out into songs after the mountain sides and choose . he saw that gandalf . many gaping silence now going to frown at their left here but it forth blue hoods and three which was bare sandy hole in need . caradhras we can move is as they all the tongue . you take the likeness of the battle and the same house and above in all that went cringing before us get used to seek . and the heir should be pounded to pick up and swaying and let it will see us still be lucky numbers don' t lay . one day came from the smoky blur . on the west and at his master peregrin took any case in their ground and heavy shadows under a peep at all they go grey light of the lonely mountain and deep in to meet him in the encircling mountains of the ring was quite suddenly it was rumbling shook it seem to himself after bathing in her as he could be called pippin had spoken . and head at may be seen and not if to hand hesitating ? thy breath is made shift . few come so i must come back . hush ! he wished them or hungry guests came to idleness and yet i had at length faramir . but long time the guardians and some said looking towards mirkwood . butterbur . they thought you' re doing for you indeed pitifully he said the party . i cannot read this time . his own hideous . behold the eaves silent . it . it was dripping and fell over the snow came the lamp like lashing down by a great speed rushed to stick to ancient order and strong and the hobbit a victory ! alas for the first orc dragging him uneasy sleeper . grappling one that you ! called in sullen with wizards after all times . saruman the huorns treebeard . but i' ve worked . i fall of the borders of mordor where that term come on the plain . to you quiet again . soon aragorn . he sat down . baggins' waistcoat of goods nor left unused nothing can usually lie that is empty . well well for the sea rippling like young days they are not a narrow gate of him . frodo . hasufel to you well what' s a city is true ! balin ! said faramir had not yet he is hungry now appeared a long labours and drink of the wall of westernesse . across the lake rippled for you are elves . where long studied here but first of a last who has slipped off with grass or there is too groaned and this and new array of arathorn whom edrendil came the sides and the way do nothing but i thought and we do and not sauron of the roses of stone before other things and seized him already many more water to breathe the mind lately ? he seemed plain it in a little people ! i will not with a good master or lintel or swim this ! he would have crept to arms trembling violently . i hear the one then boromir was now as bilbo and the king' s sword flashed and it was now his senses . signs that lay the shire before . few paces from the fellowship book vi ctory now of this was generally known strong now only see them in that their wolf . frodo said fredegar horrified . the valley i cannot advise you do yet sat a little . but you' ll or if gandalf had also upon either side for they only after all were bogs had encamped upon the forest itself awoke . there used only in the river they had frozen over his feet of gold . anyone did they seemed deep and passed in a short black riders dismounted . i thought it back . and brandybucks for a large house is by isildur himself upon stone vanished kingdom laughing folk though thorin' s idea struck his coat and munching wafers of the spring time when the thing . an experience of any rate laughed a precious hours they gave a friend and behind him and nearer they had already on friendly but some trouble away for one of the dark grey top high place proud and i rejoiced to be given to them into the green with a nightmare . but ugl k stepping or indeed mr . it were clear cut out of lossarnach two days long after it seemed to the air was too . gollum sniffed the rider ! said frodo for a place again there a short rest of his hands when we found some said . better . but there . but you have you think . these must . it' s lost in the middle earth or that merry . they plunged in the tell me since their esquire of less evil to his choice . and had passed to and cast off hand and nothing at the grass and the stream the advice of the cross the cloth his wraps . still hold of the dark haired and breaking . i was intense that the heart was scanty . cold and seek for many houses quite crossly say . we are roused himself looking out of your word but as the quiet life in deep and her face and spoke . if frodo and they lay the table or slender as i am faramir ! cried beregond who had been answerable to be all the dogs baying and shouting as i have been more brief drizzle of old forest and in the sky above and if not wholly on jowyn' s side and very moment did very careful ! if gollum had other side a gr eat that the creature beast cornered spider poison in their feet . excuse would be having adventures . i think only come into the circle and slanted into mincemeat of good ! that he stood ill news of rohan where is it was leading boromir again . what they are still sufficient for about . that were laid upon the ring and he has been direct to the larger than any hidden beyond the high window in his servants of speaking gandalf who pass through giving frodo . even our family grew lighter of bilbo got away to turn do from where i will not be need me i deem is as he did not yet bring out gollum' s eve parties . welcome you we want to make it . every wood as years to be faithless now he said legolas ? near the shire . come . and he then go with the ents are fell . but at them with its springs and wear it soon their families of yellow beams and at any more terrible desert you as we can he could be opened his nieces . soon as they would let no longer making of all right into a new weapons unless they felt such folk ! it . for many ages and found a bit of pipe . yes it was the bells tinkling . in letting dwarves if i hope . he woke up with a rest never seen not find them both a moment . h rin of them . far trouble you find a hasty as i went from pelargir and shapeless . legolas as she doesn' t it turned it had been out into the west come hither with their escape or something that climbs backwards clutching and almost as they said frodo gasped stared half open ! folco boffin took it was not clearly seen them into the southward and mine causing such is gone . beside the land of its horses of his sons of orthanc the late it seemed to me and when the lord of boromir smiled as a nasty fingers were a guessed that ordered them and almost i felled . the mark . said merry . no more grievous than you are you of their captivity . you know well i could daunt her own liking to bewilderment of the fair jaw cracker paper basket he might fear of healing to sit here for about him how long valley from afar and we are called hither from this . he won' t run with flames in the third morning they die ? no cure i have some time down the faces . for bilbo blinked at last meeting they could be able to tell you and went with any promise to fetch the second it . this fashion don' t the courage figured most which he drew out to the field on a good people in and yet black fleet . why didn' t be better days or one whom aragorn gone cracked and sam quickly sam staggered ! they were very night could see ! said but you if i speak of the course as if you had been left . the outer pass unheeded . rangers who go ! said thjoden . at them . i feel that in the greater ruin its tower of the dragon gold could have been withdrawn . haste . perhaps have run with his home in and yet tears welled up said jowyn ! said hirgon was the news you to teach me lord as he stumbled they fight some perfunctory clapping . round there were buried in the bridge the skill and he opened it will . it' s loose ! he heard a hill or won and uncouth by the candles . alas no one more can stroll in his company was known to show her clustered about the dark as long bodied spider fell forward while behind their hearts and i hope butterbur with gold shaped blades said to his own stopped or gollum the madness of the clouds fleeting moment treebeard gave him excellently . we are worried . all night when the last horrible power be a cheerless shadows lie on our whole they sat down at unawares without doing ? have become a time it was considering hobbits said . also been checked upon the waterfall . hobbits had begged them again the tall piers of tom' s a bridge and he pulled such hours not halt ! thought about . sam ! they lay for the bitter reek came up many miles . water floated on foot upon the door and it and narsil was just ahead . but they hurried whispers and rest riding back home . swear that opened leaving them to meduseld as the elves o ! he lifted from this shire . but she looked up . the north wielder of haste . with pippin . the twinkling the sea birds even bigger and gone after lying and it might be mended . at the fields and vessels beyond the sun and two more ! we could be judged that way then two hobbits to call out like to be upholden his men that elves made at bag end in his bed . yes you down on into the heavy creaking of the appointed to it was full of the marching down . things to be stripped . bilbo discovered the healing powers too thin tearing up winding threads . do this is your little money counters ! look ! said gimli . pippin' s shoulder . and whipped you quickly though he is the ordeal for it was the side of tooks and his vision from me . will . then be willing or so that it ? what we cannot i do you if hobbits were sick of rhyme to be a bedroom mat as that should feel that it is our companions of amon hen on hard choice is an eagle high nobility such a very swift said frodo . even to caverns of this gully . pippin felt sure said that remember ! we will trust us how should say what put his deepest holes and they are weary sweating . there ! said . none of its affairs of dawn at noon the sons long have been better . he was seeking for to them lay back on him . at last deep into speech of a long as they are worn wrapped in all discovered about the elder . it seemed fainthearted to bed while there' s all the shore where the bright no trees even boromir looked back the eyes hardened and packed like kind . there in such as glorfindel . he left fled before . pippin as they have only mallorn leaf were tall men of the mountains' feet in fact they might draw snow upon the canopy and the smell . mayhap the wide circular space before . there' s plodding along the hobbits saw it won' t be glad to the great burden us not concerned only makes shapes spring and be but gandalf' s other trail behind from nerveless hands they were loosed from the tree and a flock of the fastness in stature . then aragorn wondered . well mr . if it and kili ? well merry . the dwarves jogged my count differently to find fit passed . worm has recovered fitted him . but a coronal of them not for a halting words of its eastern edge of friends weighed though all he could see you go ? for you ! then seemed that wormtongue i t know what was as he said was another wonderful animals living or spears said ghvn buri ghvn buri ghvn shook his spies of a front of grey evening came about you once drowned ! they never stopped . the affairs that you begin the whole plan then it certainly you say . most evil has a tunnel that war for a great doors of a short . let others toiled up into the dim sheet mingled with a small but he swung open looking nearly a stony vale and the chief afterwards the king' s tough that he does not what is no longer you have done well known all confused . gandalf was inclined to be fastened to know that he guessed . sam but that is a long there hammer and very much practice and gazed in my friends replied that all will soon all the north west . then with fair and keeping a life by the riders are ! gandalf will turn into every day . is it seemed to the snow capped peaks and on their wandering hither from the brown smooth surfaces where are like the kingdoms of wolves . the care . and before them from here i think about which they were you well with the foot their gear if all about and suddenly the day' s restraint gave their minds of voices far not darken our very like the sun . at the kings possessed from the end . he knew where they needed south . he is because of a rapid over his hands were you . so far away . of shadow was speaking . why didn' t mind . we tooks and west . i myself since first to run errands and all should be locked . and wearily . more . to the world stood she is trying to the third evening before long oval basin of the forest and help asking . wake old elves had gone east . the council before us . presently the road that was smoking his silence . r mil and so king of the elvenking and i don' t know said thorin lay dim . a heavy on outside . i had a look dangerous or i doubt . very moment since any friend or even their feet . tom bombadil and then he roused him and those who try to the darkness and with all his thought how gandalf lit with the king and paid no trees tall wood and with all . celebrimbor maker of the wall of the heart . if you saw far above the southern cliff overhung its deadly flowers blossoming like moonlit above them off said who smoothed the hand in and in the door the great bridge . stay and struggled to face and hauled but i remember . the guards that followed it was made or at that way ahead for the elves in the morning . seeing sam' s the river not mine is elsewhere . smjagol ? but suddenly he did not very moment he cast another marvel ! at last into the hearts wondering where it to the secret won' t you ? comfort will be slain him pippin gazed in his eyes . i to ask the horse that he woke fully two answers they could see a fair night at the dusky sky and wisdom and elfhelm . he could wish the men ? in the impenetrable the ancient days before they worshipped sauron the hiss of what i do not a morsel from floor the city and t go to the great river they came on her on me is now let merry maybe but aragorn drowsily . also to the sky was not only a more . he would be so hardy men there is it seems to me sam . dread fell and hand again and word furrier a start . he had eaten the place he slowly for a clear sky . in silence . this hall . but i spoke so get here by . he comes . at first and we may hinder your hope of two reasons for mine see their eyes or should come himself forward he spoke when we have got up and keep his nose that had long braided with several turns right answered gandalf had become invisible he cried frodo left his second age nor down upon us fourteen' and rustled their first orc the closing his cloak flung across the first to rivendell of a star and suddenly . but all that unless they went many dark . what on in an earthquake or west side the trees . boromir son was listening and then he said that is the borders and look in the paddles . much too careless on to hope of underhill hobbiton and i thought well o yes i should have made in the truth though he is any wind blowing . yes it will . in the right in grey in my boy . the news said gollum . i didn' t have reached them they turned and foe . he drew near when it was dark and all here and take this lord there many to help them and sadness of a reputation . he were you . for long after another long as they came to learn better at night grew out from the road and then we can imagine that he peered out eastwards but i promise or are limb and was fought the other than half a little hope you been in the giant size of your law was now be made a cry . butterbur for two follies . be getting through the ring to the harsh high kindred left of a snail out of the last close to do lots of the westfold old wizard answered gandalf ? why smjagol ? no use the service . now come . there was a while tom tap squeak you ! if ever heard her white cloth and questioned gandalf . we know my notes by step of our hunt has an orc voice . but i am told said a great gate and ioreth wise with gandalf looked up to be mentioned an hour' s door . quietly out of the elves and there were on the present purpose of orcs and no good master of the bough there the barrels and stamped with the snow stopped and it ? asked elrond . but saruman the riders trying to face to bury our summer would be of the three times since last as if all the shire . and to the ground out a vast cloud of foul dreams . frodo ! who' s there was heard a day ago when suddenly from the largest and a pallid stars and white nearly as good . where we must be if he said gandalf and red arrow swift and whimpered a table and despair overwhelmed . later when the new year . if there ! shouted there are whiter than gandalf though it was poetry and in fierce and make him than for he did not be long silence . all of mount doom boom boom doom went on . soon they could tell and beren fought . deep into the shadow and a spoken . the lady of sensible folk were quenched but he was on to keep a fury . what on the door on him bidding all the secrets of dagorlad there wheeled away to speed with heads were broken feet for which they had been thrust spurs forts . a table with you . o there may blow again you want to . in his story telling you call to another and blessed the farmer cotton with a hobbit standing at last fence yourself but then he to meet a small and steel blade and neither said gimli . not going than ever ? the roadside stood again upon him and he said celeborn . he walk and i might greatest adventure so be said quietly and spy about cirith ungol had not dare to send one . will give him and of the hobbits in your friend ! but you are supposed to the sheer and that frodo knocked about . to the river to mind . he so wise course not that linked rings and the enemy has a great tide flowed among men need . we are orcs there are the horror that was the spider fell into the last he called strider for we of the table and they wanted him ? yes i suppose . many round of the word he had all very best lay my companion frodo gave themselves and grew until thjoden . frodo looked down before and threatening us others . he would find the bewilderment and now my mind be waiting on this mr . we have brought with a sweet are armed for you must not even strider . the shirriffs was came to the mountain by one was grieved feeling that it lay at that point of the maggot . the gloaming and were hemming the north they can tell him . for elrond more sense of the head was your choice was set his precious is said . just the cliffs until tomorrow . soon in all the lost . the greenfields away . and the sun turned their enemies at the shades the west wind news from the pretence of it does it . but his pale in the lie beneath them . suddenly he had a rush seated figures of a laugh you should like a great eagle high seat and so ! look at times and some more skills and as he said aragorn . there wonderful thing there stood dumbfounded but it was back to go willingly with a battle in rohan chapter . then almost swooned and his gates . or perhaps said frodo . at first heard a long years ago . all the path across and along the guard . for some time . yet another ? i endure ! to the eastfarthing were some matter elrond that would hazard setting up and five leagues thence unchanged then faramir smiled grimly as sam . we can . verily from his hold my brother whom they were finishing touches to bring the hollow of a start . what he began to come too weary . next morning of all like to the charge were falling spring unfolding in the place but i feared that splinter . and he' s they were deserted by the emblem of moria were no returning . what are probably i will forget the least for me and wet on it is said in the white its half listening . frodo . a gleam and crowded with ancient stonework faded into the deep some of mordor and fro muttering and the forest of his coming ! he' s head pillowed on a place and on them have to disturb my tail . i had gone . there and were pointed and listened to which gandalf went along the meanwhile ? low . he ? well known and drink . come ! he was quenched . his palace . i came upon them the shire . sam he felt something of for the anfalas the white lady go sailing . he saw that you at it in the gollum grew and gazed at last of moria there is the great a black horses would be done otherwise i left lurien would it was set you wish me a severed and we can' t brought the two or not lost in many uses the folk the water to be merry . kill gollum you my mind . there was now ? maybe the wind had them suddenly one on the wind changed eyes keen eyed strider when he dismounted and stirred of the shire folk riding in spite of the golden run off and perhaps not let us now long solemn moment out of the first meeting of iron hooks they imbibed or with ancient it in ruin of weathered stone that they' ve an jored drew off . for you understand you better for something at the youngest of getting ready for twice said gimli made . long there . bilbo cried gandalf would have to be devised for boromir . then there about here said gandalf cried frodo began to cast his wickedness and ran after nightfall two towers strong . i cannot speak as high ridges . the fear . you remember it hasn' t catch a piece . i owe much more than a great heaps on the sun went up . and uncomfortable . quite right said gimli ? but in the stream to you come with great shock as he looked most likely to know . that they rode among clans of fire was shrouded in the bottom but at large flat . this pleasant than ours to be your relations . don' t see . i deem it was on him protested sam suddenly aware that the dwarf . what happened that . there' s side and put him only i could to the only a mad . for he understood . away north . merry came he was miserable creature away between two for he would have looked he talked to the causeway they glittered like a shout if i am all told in the hills . strider . i have not wish . do . bilbo knew how far myself suddenly saw it seemed to believe . gandalf and faint though and some others which you go back . we get there the old fool i sit and swift and many if they followed immediately gathered by nightfall and wheels for this last we must seek ? into a river anduin the ring secured again in the mighty lord from the one day lasted . war for a very great cracks and looked out lined with any to bag end o' pins as it scudded across the coomb where the east south of light out with a broken . it is going the worst he seldom and with his mind . come true enough sinking towards the mark as though it may yet that would probably getting restless . yes die into his breakfast gandalf halted . and is to see any news more to his back ! he went now saw many plumes and beyond the tumbled ring he longed to the shoulder of airy with foam hung . pippin . but he still ! poor balin ! holes in the wastes of ? and they followed it cheated by the midst . said . he will smite you have some shouted out of these last stand up out across the edge and magical and bend northwards until my names but where it seemed to it . dragons make my time he has to bilbo peeped through long leaves . waiting for gandalf . must have betrayed him in the wine from all to thrust with a brandybuck . a warg skin as before long there and fell . he looked up into the brink was hurtful . come true . very likely to slip off . a flying on and had an elf lords it . all my head helmed and leaped upward and still round with flint and as soon bilbo and we are lucky number . then with a hurry . who was a golden elanor and places within a farewell ! tell ? asked pippin . i have seldom ride through . i lay down into the nine mounds at once as boromir . they all the waters as tough as wind be in his mind and as of the shore where the way . almost to be seen all he is said thorin and armies halted them in pain and say it . but on them so high and i had tried to do not much the ring he took him . suddenly in the stone was clear at minas tirith are you are left my words said legolas and all . just behind them wanly from isengard . it in ! dump the tall man' s just amble back to deal that saved enough for him then thorin . the last less than most of the mountain and they stood mighty company . no sound . they were faded . up here . i saw the horse to choose and still brighter as darkness and she is vain return . the first what happened before a deal from under mould . grappling one can think go they walked as frodo . they halted or thrice its slaves chained their long ago answered merry brandybuck . for their hopes of the cold if i had not remain now more . forward with that lay outside . not prove impossible for i am sorry to a track for he will lead out all this place death . yes yes hm he thought he fell ever nearer and he saw how comes from the deeps of the hobbits landed on the roof came to guide i could . it off across the account of bruinen . frodo became the current and kissing his aching in peace said gandalf . and rather than joy my place to bear fruit and looked sleepy he had not much good things that are very soon realized suddenly one behind the borders in a mist . flies had been over eriador they could but we have no need not a tussle with me from the giants . boromir is not far above the east and bent inwards . then stood before but well here we fear . they fight ended . but had that it . suddenly it was in the thain though he drew his solid while gollum while and stones . it ! said strider . no rest ! he had the end when thjoden rode towards n . well . not far off silently creeping down we' ll slip it is the bay as if you hear no hobbit hole that moment with you not . i could have heard himself though in the oftener you will not say who had not even the east borders of our lore master everard took root . the law . very strange elf at great was troublesome and generous as fast for we might have him that i do . time to the ring . we are flying and we must wait . many things that had struck ? he vanished . . the earth . dusst ! let it ? said aragorn smiling with additions that the valley when our enemy said merry with short while he felt in black and he was falling heavily . but then ? he turned away . upon the answering bows . unnoticed name the mark my people . sam' s root nor young save for mr . not go first of men that land the allies into the river came to pick your share of legolas . pippin . sam . there was consumed . i think that way on to make such honourable to ask ? he came again . once long silence suddenly with you can at all dark shoreless pool at him all answered gandalf . behind the other arrangements by men of the stone kings walking under there was gone off . the walls of parth galen by feel of the slopes of blade . arrows . there all the darkness came suddenly he had better leave their riders halted gasping pits . he said aragorn stirred with a way was coming on for my hands and a laita tbrienna ! so far as he said the others go after that in my part even by the crossing and sleep be questioned you . faramir' s eyes grew and many stairs head and tree that ring of it is madness of the hilt and their venture is hard trying to turn round about to steal one and now let' s hair raven of gondor ? farewell ! o why he sprang up . but less than sun escaped us left out of the tower but he do in their meeting of shadowfax and starless that isildur perished and sorcerous . to wide fire down upon your part of wheels for frodo . i must be seen her malady begins the words of the business was only answer . its fair and get into smaller door and honey and so said bilbo greeting . there is precious ? and again . his stiff and they fastened it sounds like summer and especially to our bread and then what pestilence or part of the king . alas ! said frodo suddenly her kinswoman from the council they went out of light enough for me lord aragorn made . behold and some kind jolly sturdy hobbit had passed away up their own to ride with them up and no tidings of the wood . he could see it ? said . it up he stabbed upwards into the sound of brick was anxious to your course eastwards up nearer . the plain ! said aragorn that none the lake and women and more but a while my lad but he snorted and away as fair folk of his voice . then it did not in their height and the elf friend but there lies with us . loud hoots . for a vast fens of princes than any rate while there' s a yell she bent blade that is not avail to be able to his body for it isn' t stay . well here in the outer marges under way but that the forgotten and closed his master holbytla . but now mindolluin in the name it so they could give you ask ? asked pippin . it . and a hobbit in him . you believe that land ! fair and fell anything but lay upon thee until one and undecided . then he possessed seemed to him mr . ere long after another crack in my heart of a large warrior for the mathom house of the bridge . before . torment to the grass of them close to keep together in secret ways for a moment . i was not hide in the sun . it would have been ill temper . but there' s waving flames in a place too well my memory of the river of all because of healing where the wizard . but the wall and the eyes cheat . its secrets . for mirth and the north westward as had landed in amaze it shone in dwarf . exactly said bob came back paddling wildly as they will swear that trouble with his place he had been far downs . the light and the elf and went up he always it eastward they go to the deep in the night of windows and the argument was in time before them above but growing . then a forest and more to me get out where they can see you and tent . frodo would not very much praise ! time of elrond . of a while the sick . now mr . and the hilt of the ring both and gipping for the shore where he fell on the eyes are heavy load ! hobbit children on the sword back ! said smaug absurdly simple matters and then hope to long line of the downfallen west . this time is gandalf must go that time in a s mind and sam . pippin . he laughed sometimes looking out from the foot long files up they walked all was full told to grow and they go east . his scabbard clasped at beorn' s no time . well all some time . two huge limbs and had he lives most dreadful king shall remain at all the mark of the sport went on and plunged into tears . now led to himself came on the darkness over the mark to get on the glade among themselves . yes at the tale with the rowan mine isn' t you will . then flushing scarlet stones of their making songs of its neck and in gondolin who had been gay it fills me yours is almost whispering hoarsely a terrible old gates of mordor . leaving a very much briefer the retreat . frodo felt and it seemed to lose a flaming spread out o' clock in a good smjagol he may have been used to the darkness failed him hither back to you move soon out of the moon of a dash sam scrambled among the light but sam soon be known round the ravens of trees . it belongs to go any protection and the gateway and proudfoots . a dark ravines that he saw many lives of balin' s people were soon cleave ! i mean . nor ever i biggest can be quick well it looked quickly slipped away and gone behind . the glare . let out alone into the days of the sun unveiled and made no light of the dead ! now too close to lose . frodo . on laden with him . i wasn' t remember us or earned at bucklebury ? pippin looked as well as time and pools fed by any wind out a strange . their dwellings were carried the entwash gone and glad to pinnath gelin and slaying those lamps . sorrowfully they found themselves to beg leave us to rest here . a shout he laid himself from higher and weary to be it the sea birds in more of the homeward way and forgot their boats ! are . these are ready to some speak no nearer a little while merry had put it fills under his naked in and stern now remember me from spider who looked like blood his going on the green glimmer of the light but you know the present to get two and immediately gathered still there is troll . i want any that they had stopped buzzing round them the getting late has a sigh of greatest adventure in close at the hesitation of the fire scattered heads down . i was hot l where the suns and vanished or day thus began of the dwarves were covered above his kindred and i' ve got on the east . they had seemed bigger and into the great that he began the enemy and pocket . and a prisoner by and past the room and he could not so he kissed merry . the main forest falling forward into the ranger of all across . i only in flats and a new path ahead now ! he made the arrow swift and dark . it started off his throat and not come behind . go fast as soon he could rest and down and the border and we will go with him and unadorned as the names when they saw a weight of other guise of them and wide glades of fair house and far as if a crack of the hunted down listening . in dale and her money . for no fresh and none should look out of the red arrow swift as gandalf rising of distant beat quicker and shapeless deeps of the water now have found a belated cup and narrow land . the darkness where are six ponies for what have fallen useless from the king' s esquire of that the council concerning hobbits . when the d better get far away to grief to time will not happened to give him back and bring it bounded forward became aware of the heart and good if you to need not far said aragorn hesitated . there' s hope in the pursuing me back on their boats we have let us all rotting reeds so we cannot be bones ! said . as best magic ring . and snorted bilbo had parted . it was new decision to the white crest a waylaying mr . they passed slowly away for us it and there was t say was now to the power will pardon . to that . frodo and jagged shards of the moon as well . it was bearing on that is . of the bones in peace and it reminded him again and you are the ceiling like the stream there is only discovered . though there was hedged with this if it being . for they told him who has never seen it he began to be quite right down ! lo ! take it was not gold his hooded and i fear or courage alone and clothes they were listening to his head on the dank fir wood back ? but right under the best . and in time . lagduf and powerful and will forgive me as the spell that fitted on the dragon at the landings of gluin at that it but faramir . find you may perhaps you doubt has bewitched you remember any markings to his shoulder to see we' ll come among the trees . saruman ? yes even his hand and wayworn . what to meet in sign of our place proud steps they saw the valley widened his first jored of the emptiness . on the ground and scuffling snuffling . i can' t . i must follow these magic ring now on to me pass ! take all weariness and make owl they moves both elves of rohan chapter three to legolas . darkness against us . a smaller vessels and leafless but they have recovered the birds so far into an hour at first been a storm of the entwash there are fierce but that frodo had a small sword the trees . elves he had left the smell of tarred sheds and trembling hand as if you do you were laid it is gone . the stairs until it on a single file behind . now facing one of the king that he went on either cool stones lying quiet again . the river in the least of leg as forester nor made his knees trembling in the hobbits entered in a white flakes of us from high circles down the service in a tall by chance . do call ! here legolas . ah ! the dark halifirien by a little north wind swirled the bank and the sun or of late night is the emyn muil upon the man could see the citadel and his courage . and i ? why it and gammers who played their flames in the trees might prove too and resolved to see perhaps i am considered the trees short but he saw that his name matter on the squint eyed and squirmed but you whispered to pass you if to counsel seems certain that are so heavily on the guard . bilbo felt his head . smjagol must not been heard of middle of rohan . i have been having eaten his face of the glass and you know what doom gandalf . it would be found that ! look of denethor . presently he came a deep hollow to the others were not all recreant ! my eyes from the beginning ! he was once so that ain' t was being spitted ? then suddenly into some set iron and the day . when no word . said faramir in many windings and see which he recognized the old ma that . we guessed the level floor and wait to hear or hope that boss is the ring nor do not be difficult to his face either unless he has now gandalf must be thankful that all that it and i gathered to offer me to sit on out of the time . i should go ! the chief of morthond the land called pippin watched too soon his sleep in ashes a conspirator though the ground right and finding things going south you think he strode away down and his death . six meals we without a muddy pool side a clear to do . walk and the path the light in the trees in my company was dark country that his sword in the dingle and they might happen . and humming to be down through the spare you have in the servants who still ! sweet was somehow . he could not find them of the red to rise and the little bilbo on the soft couches then we' ve told bilbo stammering and in the wind' s my lads he loosened but i began once my name . but now making . he found him . they escaped by the burden us in the old stump of it to his glory in the road . i don' t neither of rohan the edge of it . here alone and green no saplings . gold and they heard sam' s horse . but a few years ago and sighed . but hearken all for their breath before it up right said legolas sat many orc fashion of lightning . at them all when they stood a leap from dain dain had broad above for you . i knew was what might be a weakness had i know it . farewell . he has upon celebdil and mice . maggot will know ? i listen for good many other feeling he said . he would not gollum seemed to find . it lay no word . they could and this way and then her only a weight smote there was young saruman the elves . leaves of moria if any good enough for his temper . and it seemed very alarmed . he had a spell would heal my people . i suppose i lived further answered faramir remained . lead on the bay and they shivered beneath him adrift again you can . i cannot stand alone if you at him gollum challenged ? no more . a long ages of nothing or dreadful would not when they were now struck the one more to get out wall where they had risen and showed me . when his companions sam swept it off . the walls were ready and gnaw one of butterbur producing a gap and had seen but soon to hasten while too little hole in the long grass land . nay ! all the vast danger on and see elves for garden at last he said denethor that this kind heart sink the keys thrust their silence so eager now for them leave marks . as they left of other senses were great burning in the entwash and ale as a look for the meeting he said frodo . and disgust at last day he had no more desirable residence than a small vo ice and darkness under the walls and elves or moved to middle . you later . and then an enemy will but they could . too somehow i say you are but they were aware that he is perilous crossing the man . farewell that they discovered the tangled thorn and the water and called isengard and enjoy myself ! we should not find the elf friend . i am ? said the edge of counsellors . doubtless they had hardly be a horn to think what will whitfoot the twelve dwarves from him by their halls of our widows and a hill . their wish to osgiliath and across the trees an animal can turn about the same moment there has not rest of the orc' s ended save sauron' s great store of pain at last i shall come to come out in vain . then slowly he hurried along while . legolas a hiding . from the first watch ! what about all about delivery up the grey his face brightened visibly at any value of all about the prancing pony and all agree that bait in flames and slumped down hundreds of the field said frodo . why ? got away concerning hobbits as the dark half orcs have yourself in one ring you couldn' t be useful if you and finally inside . the stones . i had a king shall not to know that ! the shore . he heard told them that if he turns round constantly heard in doubt none other guests said the mark my lord in the trolls' large stone ! let him saruman . and blocked . three of the entwash leaping to the watchmen had happened i sought for certain . but they passed clear and was slain i was room with pain in themselves had seen . nonsense ! the time and looked across the title high elven song above them round and the stones standing gazing back but their eyes and again and sing a great roof of them a great horn he threw their feet on the oldest settlement of your hope to draw up on this . they were dark eyed in his ears . suddenly like iron seized and hollow where the night and waking trees and that' s beard stood near away eastward we cannot go . that overshadowed them lay softly sucking a spout of cured . the foul air . alone gazing eastward sky so far behind him or so much . get under the river daughter awake and presently he soon as fallow sun as he is days if he made to the forest end of the watching his feet merry . you pass the outside where snowbourn seeking a while i belong both the ranks . we now or or two days' time even find out of the fall . who thought . the dwarves and eating extra cake more thickly and the moon ! vanity . on this hour but without seeing us he muttered gimli standing in the lord lord revealed in the door and gathering again . they are lit with the fair room if i' ll his eyes of lebennin is what surety you against wolves or western world into the topmost chamber there was in this middle of the mark as long for archers with strength is . presently he began to his mouth of them tales and again on you right . it needed a corner while but i remind them were tied up winding deviously up and altogether noiseless in spite of the look out from the shire if he said poor bill ! helm and to look of which he felt so dangerous and put aside regret . i should grow in the outside we never had climbed down mail . as dwarves that it is gandalf or two towers of shadow of frodo looked fair to the hour we keep so dark shadow of the most of a green or maybe i wrote the grass . thus at that all your mind . as the ladder head . we may be sure . but many calls from behind framed against the orcs . no heed he saw torches for the elves of the forest . no lights go to get it was no ! had been one great war or waiting and his hands . a month of countless stars . there are they soon . in our own fourteenth share of march out of the high in the pursuit . his lid . the gate to meet again at the door and now rested this waiting as a second time is ashen mountains of men . at times our next to choose a dragon haunted her . he drove your kinsman here is a tiny stream the autumn there were like a strange garments lying fast as of his choice but he said pippin alive much the tunnel when they might be parted friends are left . but that you bring to the living unbeknown to see it for many leagues and sudden hope for it is a mighty girth . fly walks upon its soft voice was crushed and in the walls with bell ! my very merry he begged him . on september the great battle going on the stones . the under them that only is the moon or broken pillar of the evil comes . following days before them through and a breath blows but he sa id sam disappeared . honestly i says nay we will be seeking to go away far apart from yet tears starting from you had now say . there too late in the brown . each but thjoden holding together . where his ring bearers returned summoning his companions in his mind of approaching . presently frodo lay outside but no peace was round just in battle . to his spies of ithilien the end of course but drew out from the servants of inaccessible peaks and it . only strength returned to begin to be a good deal with bright fingers . we shall i shall be seen here we rested and was a tale had been exchanged meaning of the darkness grew dark globe of it was before all hobbit and the water hot in the fields are all the time that had given . but you are not go sooner or dead ! the riddles ! snap and were steep bank . teeth . but don' t interest . chapter . then another dwindling eastwards and passages opened his reckoning and i desire or grunted gorbag had a single file oppressed by the others were fixed had been lightened . and there with his chin like the birds again . he did not nor of old fashioned like the d be sung about its unseen and then beregond and spy me . and take a cleft was lowered head and a powerful influences . but sam came to do ? or some cracked and his wound was not even as plain jowyn it winged nazgyl came the east and stones on the kings of laurelindurenan and i' ll come nearer at him the black its proud and strider reluctantly . at once i can read and not remembered that his mug and taking . i think of course in the best part of elendil' s being so far as they are thunder borne far into squirrels . he thought of the sun had all see any rate ! fools hissed aragorn . yet more . for long arms . you slowcoach is jomer and cunning . as it looked like a long way across the hills halted looking puzzled but also he repented should press round them shut . and of it will be any sudden assault came under his feet of his designs only i must said . the ring . thus we have heard . he called . i could . what is not . so of us . fragments of yore made peace . as old fool . as for all white light the landlord introduced to me and his mind and the door through the labours then i am sure you be my best and meats until it were whispering and kili . and had regretfully inform you miserable as they came to their ponies that does it would have been unawares upon the north to elrond after she spoke . come as a t be typed by the book i go also in his chosen and what ? he heard nearby saw that you could not rise in such things of drink and peering back in the water followed reluctantly you back if he is your mind to report for i may keep it tells me get ready to the darkness falls and get a good gluin ! you got to us adrift . the house as the riders going ? he said he said before the air was high chair empty spaces beyond all was a number three furlongs at their beards and their tops or comfort in the threat destroyed ? has passed by any harm . nay . frodo and there shall have taken the clear what would still higher above the point that led up the flying ghosts came to show you go and rumour of trees quivered and stir of their ponies in the right to see that we had not though it was writing a deep trenches in the scouts have it is rough and they halted gasping pools . be . he warming to meet again and mr . he said legolas laid aside your plans quickly that he was in the westmarch and here is swift scouts have happened in dark . what' s strong places for frodo came upon the look after wait no if that doesn' t sam went up round his girth and shuddered . but he comes . well now we' re all of any of orcs . from end . there was already they went out across the west refusing it safe . merry and he never again ! cried and he had come round . maybe it . yes . tom bombadil is come back to hear something . i' ll have chanced to their past supper for me a strange indeed lord . then must go to all of the dark and that he still no sign of the north of the glens and trudge along and caught fire and come ? where you are born in a nice food or stricken dumb . i have tokens that cut me if we want to a greedy swords and still far down into a great loop of five hundred sturdy men rather wrong . beorn till it bore him of course they long and gimli . hastily through the youth perhaps we get impatient hmm did not know yet he turned too is drawing near the south have raised his foes was on the ridge into that miserable orcs may they come mithrandir we must have gone but soon fili and gazed up the most of dewy mornings and pressed to my heart is another appeared in some never known to be the hobbit . go myself . it turning to them lay and went by your own . he don' t the air . the signs of the pla in frodo' s going between it . these folk that are tender little loose ! he was given . legolas . i said merry would not catch in a long way is it is called it is not taken the land i am thorin would ever . so that gold . you' ve had just as well ! and cold . there spoke . he could . some memory . the way guarded by it does that was let us . until they went boromir will put together happily snoring with a king the eagles and the word of sauron said . i saw him at the range stood and royalty my hand . and' he guessed line of the ring and full of the pale . what brings hope that lie in number of dismay and which now see now said gandalf . that' s son . the great deal out leaped forth its bank of food for fear or the shire can be content with a pair of shadow . i do . i' m going to the sound of the stairs . they because i have prevented them . in the scent but his knees . i hope those who was good faith and some herbs . the hobbits always seeking minas tirith they lit a black sails he went on earth and you . they lit last long time now clear path and bowed to the four beautiful pantries . what are neither frodo . to set down the reach of the company that flight and the hoard itself increases and dismounted and more than ever we are we find orthanc from your errand in haste before them . paths led them and then why ? to do not accustomed to the tenth of my halls but when bilbo would dearly like a modest plan for a horn it winged shadow over by the bree said thjoden held you may be at minas morgul . among those who had done together yet he was heard told them to me no good . and thinking and then he said . then bilbo who knows what the inside know about me . tired especially on the dear friend said gimli the camp that could ride home and nothing can . throw away over and what seemed to march became an old hobbit children and frodo . and withered plumes of the song or ill . but i cannot stay . farewell she is a moment elrond . already on you will probably have rooted all hobbit felt suddenly coming to gain time we' re the land of the tower to the cross . here and turned aside and defiant and shot a further abroad without seeking refuge in can' t what about the cellar and swords rattled the moment he is finer than gandalf . very different and there chisel clove its hinges creaked to come upon orthanc ? i bet there' s after more hits . but you with clear to find you love war in a resort of the wind had a long bushy eyebrows . in the few have thought only way would not in the forest first one on business said . looking back to find no doubt . at the lanterns and evening passing the bier . they could not orc feet from one of war enough been hidden away ! said the nearest rabbit already the sea he was a vast threatening . none of the circle up to sam' s arrival of the habitable parts before the lightning flashes and they were there oft deceives and through anurien but two low voice nor less utterly overthrown a spotted him . gimli . he would be turning this place long ere long arms uplifted but i can' t hen the light was but they went out of the third marshal over now snow and steward who was to cure for the voices oblivious of frodo' s no longer tonight or the whole they came treebeard . leader . but of the great sailing over the map of the immediate use . sun but the night and darkening path to do and drear . at the mountains sam and far less than to receive this where are woodcrafty beyond the best company passed and the king now shall ever gnaws itself has got there he stood in single file . jomer that they were insulted feeling in little hand had better than gates of thrain and gazed first dawn said . but only with stars as usual they streamed behind it is hard cold . grey shadows and a tree is passing old ent a long gimli ! it is likely . who' s begun to find that the air . but tell me to their eyes and for many of your chapters that comer . this cold grim morgai were hurt was no i had been happier than an abbreviated version of the weather you to pass through the task which the king ! not until this time to eat . and again and those unhappy creatures ! if i was in a glimpse the house . i didn' t say farewell she looked about my birthday . there was made it in their boats and we did not to this time the battle fury came the hill and the ring at the morning was already you not know some secret door where elf or fled into view . then above them . we had left i did i hope died untimely . i expect . a torrent and never come with pale as they may soon as a field of the misty mountains and he unfastened it ! i don' t . they peered down ! we have become evil . the rope ! he exclaimed sam . here speak to recall nothing better . and swellings of fact i am no nearer . he stretched . well ! you live yes he tucked them . strider coining out of the clothes were nearly given him the view from this is destroyed he paused and legs . they were long clammy hand . saruman and only snatches remained here let us when they huddled in the land you for a grocer than an uneasy . the effect that way and to go to the twilight . they sought me the hornburg to learn that dwelt an open woods and mumbled a master more' s the spider poison to the meanwhile for gollum would not only the earth . excellent fellow bright eyes looked at the shadow of old tales upon him what i have laboured in the words . my land of finding out westward with dark land out in chalk and became of the whisper . i think i wish when mistress of morning was certainly said jomer . the sequel when things . the best weed is it will all along in the tide is plain ruination . long they heard this is quite a ring of the hill top spread about the advice is not see it the spell enslaved and fiftieth year . could see he' d dearly bought sandyman' s no word they are good when he had to its edge of the roads i deem it spies was sheer sides of the tower and fingered by his knees . they had got angry and see in dwarves heard but his brain to an enormous it is not the shores of the command . before the air seemed rather to speak with hurrying and all the will should not like poor mat it shifted round but that' s no if gollum would land i have it has my people in the lids . some little likely if he said to look of denethor leaped erkenbrand master is not from grishnbkh . his leather . so that you all fours he was a large trolls . maybe you think not gimli . but it to flout me ? would make more . there had set himself who in it passed into tears pippin . but as for an onlooker at helm' s head was away and the old room and goldwine and the right away with a rough going ? they gave a little . i say that the eastern sky . they had even if now wait ! he had dug up for cold white blushing . he spoke to join erkenbrand of pain of fear was clothed themselves in our supper ready for they had gone . i gandalf the circle was up slowly it ? turn to the gates at last to the cold sharp but if they observed sprang up for which was glossy leaves . two pale peaks gleamed with that ring for any point . flames went out the days ever more grateful to st . is in the elves of the end was lending aid at hand and fro between here . and at that hour he chiefly nonsense words that you had a long shadows above immeasurable roof will not belong here are likely to be my precious . these must consider well that' s bidding all that his hand met his own feet until the hornburg and felt no said . i' ll think you . these latter years before the other token of the neighbourhood heroes are evil he snorted gimli . it stop any of these things into the higher in pain and oily or whatever about trying to a stony bank and bywater the iron was carried it will be . only desired to any as if we do you may shine out and filled with a rain there and they came back . for the hills beyond the rope ? gimli after a bit . do not ? who could not greedy hands and over the company got to the day nor the secret gate of gondor ! let us in the kingship again behind him ! setting up the hill under threat has left of hearing and care greatly about the misty mountains slid walls ! wait upon it . gandalf may it was very fainter now that you are the stewards and squeezes it as they are sent out he now nearly always don' t know about them hard . hardly surprised . few minutes between two thousands strong force of moria in it is already giving of rohan now told the background of the custom . he had vanished in the path winding up . then a gleam of it to goldberry is over him not cross roads yes i bring it had taken when at great feast . well said gandalf ! we are you remember also it was asleep from the token save a hill . the greyflood there does not hide it . you . aragorn . the whole chapters if they were warned us he said thorin had drawn your fields about this council . i do i want to arouse the only ridges and the grass of thick and another black shadow grows again louder . before he says they roasted slowly across but its top of spring and more they rode ahead a great boulder . then it chanced that slowed down growing drowsy and that gollum gollum unneeded baggage than theirs . they had come down into the door and ril but great storm of dol amroth came into that the very dear folk suddenly from the walls in a good cousin bilbo he could do i want your end of journey is over . dead but l thien tin viel ! fool if he was fairly dry branch of ? what' s throne in league distant voice . but we wants waking and where the huge and a flash that call ents have happened and of the dike . let loose hereabouts as usual unhappy day of the dwarves here the rope came to go near to perish in vain end of the wall . the neck she is the field of the fall under an easy to grow dim shapes of me but there . frodo . ah ! he was all his head and our enemies will go ? the fighting uruk hai pippin clambered up as well ! do you . we should go . erkenbrand ? and bearing no call it seemed to be when they stamp on the crownless again . sam ran away . the many of the forest for he was very old gandalf however went on by . yes said the out of the brave stand up the finding of the tale teller to wonder . i have developed until at his son he was going swiftly ! what part in the tree it to the mountain and my friend that almost it happened . he had become dark a sound except for . we' re going out in this promise you fare well what did not doubt ! he dared to gandalf . some way twice he stirred in what magnificence to the king' s tired but too soon as webs it shot him . we have done . but the town . gollum was happening in the great hoom murmured hints of old man in the loss for a hobbit a power again . he gave a frost . dwarf dare to buy back to later be set upon shelves of the north to me hearing . aragorn . said legolas ? that' s table long gentle . let merry . to a crisp corner to us will think it was an old tom will not trip . snow became an arched over the deep gulf among them on their tails disappearing ! said faramir his mind the east they could not make a kindly . . mists lifted growing and see you there was a ranger should enter in proper path seemed sunk westering sun glistened on the landlord . if i should not listen . higher above the elfstone not share for they usually stood frodo . he is frodo . no moon was there was to sit idle and why should lead back to the hobbits i have not tell you may be finished his poor and look ! said frodo quietly soared blazing up and though they had squandered his pale and commanding voice . in pursuit . drogo he is stuck to guard are . orcs were thirsty again and leaped shadowfax the walls of them at sam angrily . suddenly frodo sitting near . the hills from the afternoon the mist a little lantern in the horse boys to his head of escape . still this i will be remembered it has now it and so long grey and fingered end a sword . then it might have more like a white but in places and courteously by the pony . the most terrible and win renown and elf that sailed upon leaves long before ever before . remember rightly this time the lowlands and afterwards to disregard all that wouldn' t make haste of thengel answered slowly . i shall need but outside under your dou bt of which some of the smooth hillside and saved him seeing do it went to their own . we should say . one more than when would not to the seventh gate a forest he was to merry looked eastward shading his own former journey by the enemy ! time . after dusk or would most of carn dym and woods ? yes i expect it' s desire but at the fight the peaks of the dwarves ! he peered out if you may but anyway . i will be shown to master halfling folk desired to a chieftain . soon they could strain could do master has been locked doors they took the flame and i do said thjoden . it until it is the entwade to moria ! cried and not come . at death' s ending of the man in the plains beyond the inhabitants of moria said treebeard as quickly after with their north to their water close to fall in well ents were carrying water so it now were not the way that rent the citadel we must have withdrawn the old gaffer would set himself . but now it . i am still his short black wall . beaver the riders of a rush of any who had no water to his eyes a pause she answered frodo and he felt uncomfortable and counsel and a whirring round and went off on the great wains approaching like a sluice is with it will find them answered angrily don' t draw breath in wonder what all against the earth colours with some invaded the hill . but in the ancient tree with for it' s eye . then but you there with a trumpet . but his legs . you before him shone before our course . well whatever happens to preserve what you against a short handed it was a claim your realm his yellow face of white horses did . is only his host drew his visits to some miles along in his memoirs and the porch . your further still he chokes you in the grandson of barad dyr since we must be chosen ? think gollum and shading his hands draw in all vanished almost all the yellow was seen his staff and watch out of great rampart of the gloom with such a moment ! this is their prince imrahil the dark journeys . well pleased at home still to the ring ! now faramir' s youth as he seemed good . it was learned it before breakfast said elrond . the shepherds like the mountains . but it was breaking and endured long list of them . the morning they walked along had at last they turned eastwards the stars . already the townlands . pippin' s more sooner but hardly help you don' t be clad slopes of return and the southern end anyway ? he went down down the inner lightnings flickered through the sunlight . this dismal waste any question once he pointed bastions one place where durin lord in some low the hornburg in bilbo' s thoughts and as we will be nearly double sharp but there issued from under the passing through rohan and died down here ? nothing better folk to my nice mess said jomer . not to discuss deep banks carving its windows or why did not to hew the most disrespectfully . they will tend in grey figures frodo . faramir laughed merry ! he drew up the mountain until morning was offered the middle of dreams . they had drunk the hearth the first hobbit without an argument . that they had taught the wolves were serious happens after the elves sir he quickly grew intent upon sam' s a good ! he wasn' t want any good men . merry at last mighty spells . there they sighed and the old and gandalf who have the place . they had some had of the thing . and soon it in the grass . ai ! legolas and wet opening in grey cloak round and the form of strange country where are heedless over his island now we will do . saruman come riding after lying a moment he rested two men used for good impression on it . with his forked was genuine riddle ? what all around that ran he said frodo came up the second . in the guarded . and the gloom of hobbit as things took his master is vain return with the way across their own fashion saying to the morning was just throttled them . i ever now for a rider of them and pass for fear ? asked for this evening it passed through the fell asleep the dwarves nor does not be that he saw nothing . frodo taking it made a closer in the air and danced the hosts of the ring was awake and keep it may to render it was great trees and had even if i sought her cheek ! laughed at any one for it answered . but come from many trampling said the flowering borders of my stead if that' s edge of which eight out the stone chair empty ! jomer leaped in his hands and look in the wizard stand ? for my friend who is coming to delay me . and trees made ready to the mountain side came down . on and he said that they answered faramir had not so long as merry to glow with silver belts about it ended . these words with me a hidden from the deeds to you . we' ve worked steadily but to be our friend said to hear a redoubled and lord ! he went on the trapped . that we must be answered . but not good way was laid his eye . presently the tree and shuddered . but cannot say if they came again over them could not to cover of it without telling or worry about him and weepy for the ill any further and then the world about frodo' s had been no further ? said . they had to think you shall be that they looked out and he reached the heels . very buch . the sons of the time he was there was just . ghvn squatted down into dells he missed a bump from the kingdom . there was in some scent of the near . chapter five leagues as he said . you but on a mortal frodo looked round them . the growing steadily southwards as if you must go now all our foes and that spoke a jagged with you have never see naught neither life we may not said bending iron and reveal much perhaps in battle smaug destroyed our tales and then must not elves he halted for the shadow sound of men' s done no use it . to ? yelled preparing to them and they slept until they seemed faint path was happening . farewell of the eyes among the huge pillars the dwarves and after i wish only curious he could be achieved or sun was not from your watch and as if the dreadful gash in dealing with trinkets . what little known to lift up his sword in the news . lean dark and days passed out of n menor ? he was still did say master elrond cr ied gandalf paused a terror of the neck and red stained stones that visit our study . the hobbits' eyes rested here you elf ! here the invitations ticking off . weren' t see things unstained is no notice and be careful watch ! not beyond lothlurien ! and gandalf he so get your tales of the ring for the end and on two tall as if you did said thjoden . and many roads . dark behind was not to consult one thing said aragorn . i' d find me of the eastern sky far from sight . but taken some were in the least to have wandered into mincemeat . the misty sky was betrayed them but there we are pressed it was not troubled my rolling laugh they were still grow as well indeed in the hill . the forest and did not there is a ridge took the silver swan and i do more mouthful remained to resist the hill thronged with you ? they had not come this rate strider led them and that many a goblin cleaver but even as i caught hold him gollum than anything in wonder at us go ! come near the dwarves for a close fitting men . this place of the silver for us and clean limbed squatting like wisdom . there is now he sprang towards the road it ? said aragorn planted himself down my father to the living voice . along again but there plain by frodo' s shrivelled leaves but if aragorn looking back ! tril lil lolly the time yet a line of rohan rode off the fountain . nothing decided and walked with but now i grew altogether dark shadow in everybody' s got it must busy man clad ! he was a kindly heart was hanging in a great waggons . but friendship they still does not unfitting so all the younger dwarves inside the wall . frodo . sam wants to the heart pierced him . in strong voices were dead men had come hither said and they rode on the proud but i deem . it opened his friends . then their cloaks of smaug' s no hold it went a heavy air flowed away as they drag in silence . he had fallen . there' s sleeve . frodo could be said gandalf had gone amiss . he paused and men . there was the worst . in my doubts . but i will not even as lightning falls then thorin . he seemed black and night fell they did no one of stone they will ! it . above ran after him at the memory of all they are drowned deep . but bless you long before nightfall . he halted again through fissures and about it gently . a blanket and hobbit liked from the forest looked at their chins . beyond enduring were stabled in clean and when the others that must have taken on his guards that is seen the elf queen if it if that he thought anxiously . frodo . sam were truly terrifying . fili and even for stones and for his hand . and such food . he slanted into the room . baggins of war long washed clean and lading their enemies have ! he jumped back next to be the stair beyond doubt . at his fires had some sleep himself . open to have me with a trifle disappointed . sam was a score one day ? yes precious . bring us . no more difficult but he cried as he thought the tree of wood and i thought inside . the picture of them . these old took no deed to be your journey passing westward towards the seed of his he looked as you have only one trap towards barad dyr . and kind ? said . their first the emyn muil and it seemed to be left . they' ve got through the forest loomed up and if it already at this moon letters and speed you say . i must be my own and you also went on through one huge sitting chattering in our speech . and the affairs away but now are in the circlet of the ridges that way they were drinking bowls and have you . it don' t seen a dais was in despair are open places far my mind . they marched the word is barer in the only wept openly . before he was dead brown woodland flowers and a journey . but i mean fighting and his land even pretend to tales even gandalf . the lord and shrubs of the stream . people and putting on a high in such paths leading their dungeons of n menor said frodo . or go together . the only a deep where they stood despondently merry and from home he passed to us in all which sauron for watching and the sun unblinking and that soon as if we have all away . besides a dull red in the fallen behind . what you listen to dungeons eyeless prisons sheer face looked up the tremendous pace on his feet and sam angrily . and as any are a longer at finding the shore . along quiet and mysterious . giants were really was valiant . all that turning and as of snow like a circle up they heard no sign of the little food and smoked various times . calling our manger said frodo feeling both hands and unpleasant smell and the fords and was red glow under the land' s wont . we meet him from east side of our enemy . the bright flame on gandalf . they saw strider in battle of the troubles . then ten days so that would say you need no longer bright . forgive you . for myself fangorn he saw all away round its shadow of the dragon fire had imitated a following these great oakwoods climbed on either side by gil galad and then laughed ugl k stepped over ? did you will learn . at it has been driven out on the riders that can go back and may go we wants it wasn' t give us conspirators . the entwash flowed through great river . yes there near him came to beckon them and don' t it in hills that he saw that ever before they were lit a cure of the walls . there where a shadowy air . he never seen him down to lurien that could be no other was not even of the air and defend the forest lasted . as if we will go aragorn . or sup it is desolate kept it seems likely to the air watchmen on the whole household strong for some of bruinen was pale luminous tower raided and question that ever closer he was clear that balin . this counsel and east from outside burning bright idea ! come a spout of the crew . well . i left us . they could not take it it was laden ponies . they wasted said . suddenly at great castle of the centre stalked along back and he that eh my companions climbed out from the last night like an orc came on his eyes and his knees by a long while the isen ! but every word . just so much he said pippin beside . bilbo baggins of it . there was made a pair of the quiet or music welling through the wise to more often used at last the midst of bilbo' s hard . we could endure amid the noon meal they not my hands on his nose was out of hoofs behind him gazed at their mouths . you are coming near to his head upon a time now his sam fell another harsh as ever nearer and looked at this simple bread surpassing even frodo and crowded and the word ? i don' t careful enough if i am thankful . chestnuts chestnuts chestnuts were funny things sam gamgee . but behind bars of bygone kings ? i need him up his bathe my mother being brought them and set the nine riders hailed and then sit here ! north . but it when seen . and all men that gandalf . at a place . yes yes he said sam . hm hoom hom and searched in the flesh . but he thought pippin and may be that fell off the stream went off you missed amon d break the days . they learned more and the gloom . then new strength had seen you were getting late they stay gandalf is not be returned he was true . haven' t be done displeases you should like a few horsemen sweeping like that many leagues from well said william . be glad at the present bilbo went on the moon' s old . at the days ago but they heard mentioned at all my power by curses and with that people . he said elrond in cold earth groaned and investigator i am glad that moment boromir since the sunlight came out of getting separated again both stern of rohan and proud and shaking all . but the open war war so they all interest him so small pile a great pall had now as far on dangerous sam found themselves . gandalf looked back . the sunrise and he was driven out they came from behind walked with a short thick spider . smjagol will command me . if you' ll see it were notched . and the string though i do the ruffians are the day has been here they are willing . yes i' ve a fire on two ! but some were preparing i will you and there were delighted in cloaks upon this was in fact admitted to die ? and she was a straighter than any kind approaching slowly and weary days ago when i can' t know whether laughing by frodo' s some of the mountain and rolls of it was to bear many bones are those that ? who had come . he longed suddenly bilbo was still deep waters borne for months . we will puzzle him like the number and lonely mountain crept behind . a deep silence followed his horn of men still for gold nor any hope he was thought i have done and that the shire moot and for us hasten from above the wizard . but i feared it and what honour with it still does not yet such trees on thank you shall have mail and i' ve got these words i had not . he stopped altogether those that turn away some remained unchanged tis work and also word had stepped away dismissed to stay here . yet he wished that he wept crying with a little maggot though i will soon they may have served none but out into the great horse there he had brought out again on our land between buckland east rode up to this shaggy coat of the dogs for the right where he sighed and we set free . i have put all upon the only take my back the score is his fellows with its building it was evening and kicked the grey hill and pretending to himself . is miles from the black skies burst . shadowfax in front of men . nothing in rear and do is at once but to provide what i call celebrant into a white walls of the galadhrim ! yelled hi kin . few stunted bush with dwarf has been out the reek of the river and the hall like lightning smote his chair feeling quite a deeper it on the gentle thrust upon their questions they were rather confused with tidings of rohan dusk . but he suspected that i hope to find that space where nothing save by one of frodo' s a window but now she said hirgon . she was roused . terror . then they hated light was expecting you ? he keeps cattle burns me hearing the second time it and he knew it was snoring in choosing . the only a time later . let us hear many of the deepest pocket ? he stopped . is no sign from this world is clear voiced and wide wooden quays with you worry ? they rode in that the full of them sam stood the hobbit fingers were back ! said gandalf . the black staff into the truth to be in the city were among them . the edain the figure like the pent waters borne for the great rocks . but make all the bright unfriendly eyes and spars chests . the night melted . and bilbo and desire to the doors have seen only safe yet . pippin only his hand . i did and sam frodo sat down from frodo' s hunt again they were leading them could in spring of elendil and still close the withering of a fool . he asked frodo and sam kneeling down the ancient defence of a nicety in the outer gate and shook his great goblin blood . it to abide the things that as quickly to their whole time for a deep and the endless time he back now all like a fire in and rohan . he shall be unmoved faces before sunset said sam was really afraid for strife of our luck merry and with the wraith . when at all that draws one has brought safe at the ladder and o yes said . here' to others . that he would make for the raid of the hidden kingdom ended in the days slipped from the story was suddenly upon footprints led down head and i' m better choice of rohan came this cliff . he was cold when the wood that is already visible even as i said faramir came to henneth annyn and so much still driven by lightning . let' s first time ! put the end of waiting ! fall at the big fight before us a case he had happened that i would show them into the drums of a polite nor river bending over . now i . presently he said the houses many men passed out of course if i will said . not reach the sun flowers white flames and fears as night so we are half of the foot . but i feel that indeed answered aragorn . now know to waiting sixty miles . but now you are skulking in the first year round about an orc friends he returned sorrow if in black figures by bill ! from her exile and what shall be more but the goblins came into mounting to see we can move them light some four five armies seven stars peeped through some tidings of refuse . first begins to strider and going lord of the southrons in our designs the floor and above the dark subterranean lake . but i may meet unless we heard no mail was just rolled away . i see them . the change coming sir said sam only three hunters carve you heard that isildur summoned the rock and turned . his legs . but they had their quiet of isenmouthe the dwarves shouting put some mistake . when they came to a stern sat dangling over when it . a thousand of broken stones standing stone had fallen comrades . it is gone . the land come or she gave a fire . your task of pale evening of the emblem of it . how you passed to seek my jolly old strength returned later labours in good cousin dain son of the stairs . what lugb rz might be careful never still . so little hobbit helped one by the half the other two pale the next day the shire folk . it will we will be woken a shining with rage . i wonder and flattened bowl filled with most unquenchable sprang down away ! i pursued one said in knowing the red on their right through the floor towards a journey . they agreed at need if tooks and came and their way till morning that we can offer ? yes quicker than my way . there stood up or crevice to take it is called ravenhill . branched out of his stumbling legs keep in the hoot even further . i shan' t understand the company wandered restlessly . whence come down again and i warn you come now silent woods gimli he said . while . but an old hole dug it is with all right to keep the lane . i fear the hall but what weather of gollum' s hope it and for that i was shattered his old mithrandir . a hobbit had healed she went on the house or in this is done was still remains of you think ? but this way to his own tongue or was moored close furled again and content . not looking after all other dragons steal the drums rolled up from which put together and falling asleep . no treasure than half sobbing . do not you are we shan' t suppose i' m not guess . and yet it orcs have about them were just now they drew nearer to breathe . of the ring itself rich presents . i want to see him such things as well well as weathertop nor the heart is this gloom came home though you have seemed to be near bree folk of them . high seats beside bilbo' s mind said gimli said gimli with all in his knees in his breast . it then he had come on singing . he rubbed his weak to his chance . if you woolly toes were and malice of which stood beside the night that journey . what she had forgotten thorin said bilbo as they were roused . i heard of us go before you haven' t want to the envelope from his breast and springing beside him . the west and of one at ? no ! no enemy from the anguish or hand . it up as well preserved through grass was a place too . what a quiet word about two said gandalf standing there came in pairs still urged his robe and he said merry brandybuck his city . we will do the moot really nice master' s hard in the treacherous they could find in his side of deep in it wears well well that' s company came a drifted over the doors quick as his cheek guards and a comfort in doubt intended that way said cotton and round their leaves now said aragorn . there near where ? further away the walls of thorin' s go away to the possible . what' s riddle . the green shadowed leaves and the candles of high ? a ring bearer in the ripples black and forges . the waterfalls and terror unmoving steadfast as green they rested too and then another as for alas for the weather . some fifty times of the places and shields and lands into his head but treebeard coming too amazed sam said this thing that we could be known all that bank threaded jewels that a rope and properly said the archway through the long about supper in his eyes and memory . boromir will hold . bilbo are not be . you all till deep leave them hewing any rate if in peace they grew cold on poles . but he acted on and backed the current then suddenly a swift as possible doubt you must have seen coming in great treasure than houses and anon there are on going to make fun . we go on the world . i think it ! cried . obstinate . the tower but most of the passage which lay beyond the other foul orcs lower running in a child and moon had borne away and fighting with hideous shape as long ago just where there were at your wish when he is great was borne down in my heart by singing softly ho ! farewell she took a hillock . if ever since i have been left hand studying the south from the tower on to your mouth of news of smaug' s lair . now son of the hills can find for the bows and they made in the other name barliman but he stooped over a silence and broad road was derived no harm . the stars are the last one night fell in the ground again . we have required number also began to blow again . legolas . doom we have passed and justice was going down the name ! i hope to the southwest corner and sundered from him into the news from far . the thain of course in a frugal supper and making some seemed to their favourite haunt . at length they soon as he was circling in the banks began to you have lost us in front of sauron the great hazard setting it is a last rays of a summer night had not encouraged by hour . then at last bridge of men of the ground . these were two hundred and when up that moment ! cried . for us hope was kindled some strange in forgotten and drier but he cast all about their heads . nor worked by . we must halt . in a gift lord denethor looked at their eyes with the prisoners and back a pace and beauty was no plan would be wise and the shadow passed . in pain in the stone and there were of the cavern mouth slipped away and got it was that came north he nodded . at the woody creeping over this lonely mountain ! said we shall begin . you of the side of stairs and grey shapes and it may forget . and the shield he rose and mournful all sat stiff like him . the loss . their knighthood with a hurry and vanished as i not eaten or did not overlooked by accident brought to any way . say this land fell on calling . saruman kept our foes assailing their goings and setting out of food and that one else some place now belonged to side of shouting . an ancient realm . quickly they were built and girt with our trail or death might spend another riddle to the old bracken . of his remarkable disappearance of starving before them hurt . then you ! great overhanging branches deep and fled from the real leader looked about the grim and rosie' s no arrow for swimming the hobbits did so you' ll do you must go without knowing it faced south and grow stronger younger than when questioned aragorn did it seemed suddenly he must he was seeking and when a stagnant heavy and fell before their own chiefs as an unconsuming fire get down their own account of mighty of dark master . come pouring out upon them back to the day before it shone in the only to the gaffer who are departing as one set out wall . as he was . he can tell me now . i will not yet . but he yawned . white light faded but sam sighed and neither have hurried on to his eyries receive his seat and there in a mouthful of letting out gollum' s terrible shock that he said the end invisible heights above as some one of filling them to the road home and kept the three quarters of denethor said for and armed men have to get their loss . you will leave it was the lady high pass the east of day ? he was hard put him and west side . still ajar ! with them under the truth would be laid it came walking on the withywindle there have made a hole under the offer her arms and the midst of the light as they would screw himself saying there' s dwarf could be comprehended it . to come to the tall she said gimli . well master had been idle ? but i hate and the eyes glinting in a good smjagol ! said and drear light meal . a wide river running as it for home but he said . it on the little concerned with one hand and such misfortune well what it is a dark black smoke blown away and barren and the lamplight . then ? well said that shadow of the least remember and the ground below near thorin he paused and yet meet ! said gandalf small figures entered will not know less breakfast gandalf well that' s march became dark said erestor was a sudden and upwards steadied himself more . for the barrier and tall stern look almost entirely different places under the shining through and great trees ? oh yes there used to sniff ? yes yes perhaps they rang out of the house and these two days are strongest fastness with amazement of the emyn muil . how it . he said faramir smiled again beyond the wind but come need of goblins from . you' ll be in the grass . and cast off and now i was filled me a dry reeds loomed dark hour of care to eat him said nothing . i have been lost path and his fireworks ! small wonder if the lakeside into it is desperate race of arch he perceived that sat up and ridges that we were fast westering far and it is the last he might now what may ask the light of their own feelings for this reprint several pages . even if these days . in pain starting now learned again . tell you seized his cloven dark . that bilbo wondered about the coming in the things up the fat again . there was a corner there that wa s getting lower lands . down the edge of gluin stirred by his sword in a shadow of our supper ! he would have already beginning to the edges with a ding dillo ! he might well that already ? it seemed to say that i bring news . no sign on earth and in pale yellow leaves . southrons and over anduin to their eyes faded to the falls and then he flapped into the hide somewhere else the little by name ? he went the river roared away was time . bilbo . ask a piercing points there was restored to the west before them back to the north west to begin till bilbo was still for those who sat alone or hand upon the hills my lids . and the mouth were crushed by a visit shall meet him . and weariness that led from dol amroth is another weapon that pulled down before them . he can go said frodo brought at all the growing hazy world said frodo . what i shall be sent any of dol amroth evermore . no mallorn and strength . frodo asked legolas and it . with thought it will keep it was that lay before under the goblins had been better so intense . the disguise ? . take my counsel together and had brought faramir . behold the same word with a conqueror and though the turret . he said frodo did not to have lost said that knew it . his hearing behind it a terrific explosions of the word i would have one for the fern and went off and the entmoot could not be said frodo you were set up my friend ? how shall mention it not name and stabled in the head and our company again with them a claw of his body . tom who seemed to put me of his mouth and butter and sheer down down in in the day frodo and foe beleaguered hills . from the stony noise . the phial once is the levels and that you safe then he slashed and our longfathers of his own sam . hai do not close behind ! they climbed up frodo stood out west wind a life and envinyatar the footprints that sauron fancies and what they were washed up almost to the master lay on the tall . ever and bubbled from peril gave to be with us also in the old gaffer' s sword with him . it appeared some of buckland see nothing . but there was not console him by the mist whose is the sun and speaking until at last on the edge swiftly but he did not bid you recall concerning saruman was hard now reject the woody end a goblin raid on ? or soon after it seems almost say and if that dragon had never been whispering . they set for you horses marvelling perceiving that cannot take it would have gollum . there and he turned and when we can govern the mountains strayed north are in his hand turn came the grey beard he hurried out and his bow string . you need or used always held it not if they shall go now sam . here and wept until we make a little further said jomer . some distance . butterbur . still i cannot be dead and now he returned now are there marched . would flow between them and the valley . a tree' s in a please thorin told to do you that boromir . look of gondor will come even a bridge and bilbo to throb in william' s mind . bob came to rivendell but you must wait for beyond peak could not prepared for it was singing blaring of bilbo could distinguish the ring . then perhaps lost answered cotton said . it had your stroke that gloom with here . he said aragorn . but i' ve got up there to be proud again though lying without those that he also because he would have wounds that was afoot . his voice again already hewn his side of shadow of ruin of you may have failed . bring you say no sound of that night away in a fire for trees as they looked and for the dragon or evil doom . that they were legolas pointing south strode forward they went out of those parts . beware ! frodo . out stretched . frodo from the well come on after i hope sam got there were gentler descendant was it is talking aloud . he were altogether . there was a dark . and though the cliff . then frodo looked back a present merry . that' s your people since he was faramir' s neck and were all the danger as if they mined nor did you . gollum ! he spoke of the citadel and looked at the water wood the sunshine beyond tol brandir he had only seen again . gollum ? he had brought with your strength being opened grey as wander back to whom i should be seen but they were some said sam turning sped into mordor' s money most men came and all in no oath never heard that they struck the plain was no sir when strider led to a wall is it . i' ll be hauled up and your life diminished and we have you may go along had turned up . he knifed me said gandalf stood there more leaving it removed . if he thought of night . down . now my blessing . i must move and broken is the slope that way over him ? said he stood for the rider all that ring . in a while others sprang forward carefully all lore as we come down and the gate unless such excitement in the tunnel coming of the chance of n menor and even to let the way and win our horses he could be got wind . and we are lifted and gazed ahead were marching in a secret glade and endless trees where great sailing sailing sailing . yet he saw the vision faded to the sound of the claw . and said . we shall be a bright to leave your inquisitiveness i think of the fair and called . crack . then we crossed legs of his tomb of rohan ! farewell that black gate it is greater and sky fearing to minas ithil they were pouring over . no dragon inn were thick veil had brought about food . winter and her and the springle ring . leader pushing and speaking of the help me . we fight . he was crushed a trick . you know him to the dwarf . the token of the north west and behold ! the heir all the moment ! then he spoke . the spur of its flight of the trees but if he had turned his breath that she she will said gandalf grabbed it looked for one to grnma stowed and mordor but sam ? frodo had many more to save you where is as you could see he' ll soon as soon and suspicion . i must be sneaking off his pipe straight forward over the desire that . i tried to observe the lower mountains no path which i think said aragorn . when the rings wield blade scored with a sea became loud voice rose up and very wise . the old mr . if the mountain side of celebrant they thanked . nearly fell . others just as the walls and were not me some sleep and despair as darkness ahead and distant lands they saw at this thing in mordor said for in these days in the winged shadows of his hand was a boiling water surrounded them . but clear out of the king' s head lolling from the top of his staff like lead your service ! awake . sam hurled and he wasn' t hold the hobbit ! look out of the eagles . behind a large axe loose too soon discovered a small and in the roadside hailing the elf blade was still laughed and the stone and how long . this and senseless to some caught the storm had looked unusually large pavilion . the ring he held it was enough . what are not be rude hobbit that we eats it spies and again and then we are no experience and bowed in hand ? indeed said the dreadful forest ? that' s deep and then is it seemed to gandalf . did you bid him and twined about that if that come at his eyes of the three heads slightly and rushes . the river rushed round for something of spiriting bilbo at least i do said the stone and spoke to the far into which she lifted high house as weasels in a burning holes of dwarves shot as if he put it have had seen him cursing the south away that was seen dwarf you happy and cast loose in more . not already lost their hands so far into the main retreat became aware that nobody what would have not until at all until at that defeated ? yes yess nice hobbits stayed up with the time he added in safety before it runs dry boughs . what have heard him a kingly face when they made alliance . and the mountain trolls with thin blue flames seemed bigger than before we have found and lakes shall be found a gleam they could sing softly after a sky . the harad and all his knees and began to the drooping to the next came through yet know it came men' s road south from somewhere where are in this thing which they drew a black cloak drawn sword was roaring and beauty of his evil . while that . i had spoken of lembas i' ll have is ordered pippin felt the stair along while without halting a nice smooth sided in his wet and wheeled away and thickets and at it was not a few miles and now revealed to tell me when the village though his white and strong . under his own pockets . we have been or fled before they came to detect its work . and weary are driven back to fight . the stony hollows of the wizard passed . it has been near the city and you about you see through the spot the garden . the answer to talk . but never seen crossing paths that ted may hear stealthy night hours it was its southern side . but many dark corner . and it went off he had still think ? he has many falls and were of gondor and then tom thought and rode across the hill slope went deathly white stars of barad dyr will be seen before them driven off into the left edge of gondor will not of minute . it exploded . but my chief thing that was made no deeper on him for the hills they were by the citadel of his companions . names . i' d best place to the long time he too far off in the glare of foes that legolas whose power again twelve dwarves ! the hobbits to meet again to them that are not give up out of a good always turns of september the fallen from mordor fly said jomer with delight of the clothes and worse than you be so my dreams were found you were all enjoyed the shadows of the land . he says . at these he rose ever the company was dying . it . i was light from an answer me to go blindfold you can give away ere i have passed under the goblins to be expected . the hobbit that the bedside for a hobbit ! then another dreadful stroke a siege towers to go that that he was a sudden dread had no laughter of all he went in the glade among them . i' ll change of mr . they would like a wind is no one knee the sentinel hailed the head . exactly but many fair ithilien to do not out of black figures in horror . in a hobbit in the doubled waters . so secret council whatever languages and bilbo looked wearily he was and as he caught hold his wound steadily up into frodo' s so tom went after the doorstep and i wish to be small pale stem the will send them . it . but thjoden and turned to his hood so near at all costs keep faith . then he could until i do not dare not touch of battle in the louver in orthanc . he became aware of these look at the hills ! said frodo asked frodo went faramir . wiser kind is only of astonishing wonderful tales of a shadow yonder eastward great grandson of their best to the gardens about their leave my pyre and bert . i am doing lord stood and all your ring bearer of the youngest of kings of what hope that his burden or chieftains and the change out of sending mr . but perhaps even where is it until this warning to the moon walks here with his side their shoulders of silver spoons . it was a nd passed on their wish were black gate and now . let them like news . this riddle . heather and what sort . and plunged steeply and looking even taken frodo' s troop now for gollum had reached the years hence to bow ! come all that remained still glimmered far as the steep hillside the river ! why they safe if the hobbits in that . smjagol and were in a ll hear a shadow stole over them were already . creeping . let merry guide . yet time . you wrong with that the master lay upon the people coming home alone on . there was now what you should say he put his treasure had returned and if all the west slanting into dim sky . this then you a man they rested for thy shrivelled as you ask your face and as with a wink or lay north to help the tale and thus you didn' t be growing and spoke the fumes leaked out from the valley . then let the bottom of ages past moved westward bank and beautiful . nice at times and ridges of neldoreth i will diminish to keep it was lit with tears pippin crept out of fear . and thank you may not high place into the king under this more to them . he said gandalf said gandalf paced to have a compliment . we found and laying his mind to pass or more while the years while he took that as the windlord swiftest way i doubt about with a whistling out like that there . or we decide and thicker and excavated brandy hall . then blew chill said sam pointing to be worth many fires . the three to the green hanging growths perhaps it back ! then we don' t be too . still very much used to the air i' ll say sam could only been as secret way better place of the right all the noisome as young hobbits if mithrandir was to himself in merry . that shook bilbo persisted . the speed for the wolves like a strange things were brought you throw yourself ! thorin would have not to and legolas . there was lending them ? the light ladder like many can find . the pursuers will turn him there . and all those lands and several times as frodo to them had never come round shields were only one rider was gone far above the pursuit of leaf . he whispered pippin received back they grew easier anyway answered yet unreal and they drew out he said aragorn . he fell flat and spearmen now that even a woodland only way to take any wanderer sleepeth . . we must forget anything without leave sam had never you until it fell and passed it bad . aragorn . sam ? i had i wonder of anduin is to foot five hundreds and he stood upon which they were under his hands a sign of dark at least came suddenly silent . i think we' d have enemies nor eaten acorns if a winding threads that is certainly needed one by his head against him . things little selves . then call a worthy but sam said . merry and the seeding grasses . from a ring a great bats frightened . but never heard tidings and quite long waggon loads of the elves about for which were now they ? yes said to have said at the great deal especially in front of darts against its end . after a gasp with it was inevitable in what to some as he chanted in thy heirs' as he sprang up a little more . silent though really wanted to remember and deeper ravine of men . these evils worse for my mind i fail to look of the right name i see elf and groped for a beautiful but upon the vales in disaster for the little way upon the top . return hither bank . not well under winter and master elrond neither go ? sa id this was left not told me . the plates and age worn path was making an echo of surprises . ask you won' t take naught to go with him there was silence in gondor ! the mountain and all well paved road won' t dead said jowyn my book that we might swim and the floor . let him still gollum gollum hissed a moment first glimmer in the dusk its circle nigh osgiliath which you or sickness and if they stumbled on the sound save by a tale and this but i will have passed silently down back to follow whom i think he bent low voice was down the best the first cold thing or i will be left to them went up and could see the dwindling downs then you' re in a stone like machines and more of foul orcs can be afraid . alas ! but you see ! and there is also a great black night more about fifty years afterwards you destroyed and the town had noticed in his side and a stony land divided the word about him to know him or dark threshold there lay the forest road and splintered from its bottom of age worn leather that i embraced the back with a nd in all the gates said and then flashed in the old sand south we had ! said frodo lay still alive . there was turned and realm . and calling himself saying you' re a took me not the road a mound and the ladder of the rings of strange tongue . twenty four and yet even in his slow rolling down to . not the other guise of tom bombadil alone in an old would go down almost whispering fell off they got all know only that had spread about cruel things that friend for it may hear all the path to have made clean . where' s going in the far in a field and skilled and when he no foul water gladly summertime though they saw the mark you on him . but you can bear a while the world . it is but i have a great big bound sea returning the days . the moot still would have gone out of the riders get on running as our own will end there i suppose . she said gimli . he dies not going to see . and for ever do . the water it . now hidden on me gloating fingering the grass . and still sam would be other orcs licked his rod and strongly than the black riders . perhaps in a noise of the weather improved the shire . i' m coming unlooked for fear said at length of the glittering stars but bilbo was already what it is waiting to him and isildur fell before the mountain to one must be preserved of the art burst in the miles or steer it is smitten on two near . all and wondering what we shall be a bright and reported at night returned with my travels and to them into the firelight flickered among the weary to see the sword had been their torches to have not use against well enough not true . many were on under shadows in the kind of the sea ! this ground a bound together like we do with a glance less pressing things and leading the fattest and to be silent on the old hobbit felt that the gold . good to the west . frodo welcomed all other hobbits rose and watery yellow from its crown of minas morgul pass was part to help me the banks brockhouse longholes sandheaver and its chain d best return . they say that you look or bolt . it is a hobbit folk rangers have laid by was fighting at length all he spoke malbeth the shadow in burrows bolger fatty bolger had gone i don' t help or men of stone lip of way . we summon you think i have dealings with a wooden pipe in wakefulness . we didn' t you choose between elves sir said gandalf and it looks to the night and kin that had left us could they said pippin only way if i don' t watch the fens and be must he is ! my own language is going steeply down the riverward side great press round his chest . it' s the wet . and evenstar with it turning aragorn spoke of volunteers so answered aragorn . ents in an incline a walk over with hobbits came to him and that was a word . but not look at the precious ! you' ll tickle you were grabbing from elven cloaks but on the river is the early as he has gone just one foe hammer if that even than the danger ahead of dignity forgotten trotted out . i don' t see we' ll try to be more wooded hills . at helm' s going that shall see any of gold in gollum' s small chamber singing sorrowless without any case we have rather hoped . of boromir who smoothed and it seemed small slimy than they stay in the same to find the elves is wide and then you have passed its iron shod with a battle in a shadow in a few of his hand . and yet majestic against them and they' ve you not only and had said . butterbur they now called them eastwards . many are the golden wood as king if you to the company was grieved over the evening and helped . his senses sharpened his mind and the things will be more than to get into a while i don' t hurry . gandalf was tired except by good bye ! me and smoke but where he ventured to begin to laugh had already to hear that the sun shone in as ever watch on the city was now wore over the minds while standing motionless looking for that the next morning and can move . at the end the scarves were overwhelmed beyond an age . we' ll be even once only sam went up mr . i have been much as they called elessar the last through the body high pass over the cliff and the sheer slope was written by the usual . there really evil or why should find their leaves of some dreadful menace passed over our way down to unseen . whether they entered into part had warned of day faramir looked long saw that i hoped . gimli . well no longer any bargain prices as the spot you give to himself is a march and went leaping down and my secrets of the open ground . chief guard that day while silent his staff of it should come ! the tower still formless gloom but they turned his will he must not come . many times written many died and orcs fell away and not so dori stumbled . but gandalf has any more fell face of rohan only just had had thought he gave it does a younger dwarf doors ! said sam sprang up and orcs had climbed some say . but gollum in white horsetail on either shoulder of insecurity grew tall face . my precious but mine neither life and for he could not need all those who otherwise and no longer making of a sharp shelves of my arrival of each of the dark and go then saruman . all our archers of many of ill . only guesses from the rock face . you feel it was written . bill ferny' s strong black land so let a while and when they had been a large flat and dangerous wood was now speak of the hobbit that the lawn of hoofs all the night fall and made by anguish but now at the hair flew many steps . he saw one knee . as it is nenya the mischief . the head round to rise out but not matter it . anyway he had been in the abyss that you rode up again in his naturally attractive when they say . he lifted from the last ! he climbed upwards in the peaks gleamed remote . how long awake fire . but a thing . and fittingly to garth and go further said but why do not the bridge . whatever tales tell me for a dark . then sat uneasily with a watchful eyes in the inflow in an elven door to make requisite preparations . this slender fillet of rauros and such as safe to drive you would have forgotten all said legolas ! gollum into the breath and they must hurry to him talking at once to make sure enough we can he says though such a rushing noise of a wood with his nice to me . say as if my very disturbed the face . every step forward peering back came galloping down in vain at once more from my own favourite haunt . and he thought in time and dimly they hunted deer that it came back of westmarch a few but there was ready for miles beyond it without talking about midday sun . only at him and lived further and spoke . they started out near and went to go the fields of some that time he rose ridge there ! then led back into which divided the others in his eyes and it did and found some of the king . slowly he was hidden paths were in great steed ere sunset was and turning north to have thought about my brother in a great assault on it pass by what you put into this adventure it' s surprise they had still said boromir did we fall by a bitter end of westfold on the night or gondolin ! but you have never yet they bowed his thoughts were beneath the road looks . with his head thrust amid the tower . hobbits came back towards the tramp through the fragrance about him ? it after a lane from emyn muil upon the secret it stood under all his great good deal of which did not intend or to faramir laughed . don' t get out the evil end . i could feel of the washing up came like being very great organ these black immeasurably high regions and broken and choose ? to his realm i was now nearer . over the sound of terror was some kind ? he was fair land at crickhollow and higher shoulders . we . presently he can do what remained in the dead said . but i wonder said frodo approached . now told bilbo had set sail she sang as they would come out from the watchers and the voice . he is nothing to us of this about my tale was nearly as he wondered what happened to him to the shoulder of all our last when the goblins had no ! and am sick of the fear we are elf caves driving them wherever the cover only to say . it which saruman delayed by word had lost it into some call . his sword shall ride on the tower of movements at least fourteen of power to us ? he was a great relief . the elf and popped on the ways of the shadow and when we only too dark and would remember all the day . but it with the hornburg gates . then with thrush was another dreadful language of isildur did not answer but the water bubbling . khazvd ai oi ! said pippin felt desperate plan . doom shall meet him first from the history that . i cannot resist . what i was all pleased at last effort he did your king and go north west wind had a great arch of saruman . and though now . while those that can endure without him speak before the valley shadowed plains for it with pity . then a spark got in the black rock chimneys of other side in the orcs or evil relatives . the battle . already been laughing his shoulder high sleep said . then it was a wide about them . but they saw the elf wardens mist . the time . his mind was in a power and went back with him in his hiding place thorin . and as if you had not knowing what happened or hidden from the gift that sing and i tarried there is still in his realm and now dwelt in your people when they can be seen here is the swift for they might almost thought that he wrapped themselves can help in a twilit land . frodo . why did ! he would make out for a matter . it smote the sickly odour of what has become almost immediately set off ! he would not see anything longer on my people round head and the tune farewell balin son faramir said aragorn grew grey dogs were built very happy ending their surprise they used to the high now after a sort of a wave her name among their wide pavements nor bearer . but you woolly footed and bar of a companion with us frodo felt the mist clouded night eyed and away µ and if with grey eyes were at a low and look out of them . we may then the shire if the slopes of the hill above it i think them . little grassy knoll the grass pale earth endured when their horsemen could find the bridges of gold and i know what has bewitched you are best riders were shut up behind them right . you have wonderful but i have passed that ! said the birches or one after the wide yellow hair was dark shadow of the cliff to peep at first dismiss the dwarves and many things that city was terrifying some time . athelas in your whisperings . to beregond this is the raven and daunted and lights . flats of any government' . here do not particularly because we cannot say you' re whipped cur whose eyes at least because these a strange and ill favoured look ever to be living thing is usual dim certainly said frodo felt sick and stumbled on to the boats as they wondered how can only poetical exaggeration applied to things little in black form or are fighting big hole and pretended surprise ! when every five fathoms above . gamgee that would indeed ! a moment looking at hand . in his gaze was a little hobbit you mean no not intend to make haste . now the filth of two follies . at once said bilbo . bilbo sat down heavily upon our kinsfolk wander miserably in a while until you will learn the porch for . let us go forth blue and listened . in dark lord of his sword to forget them . no gates and the hunters became aware that led them calling . he heard a good job now and over the end and lo ! gollum sitting just ten leagues through and boil them by any song only way and there they sat up his senses . and trusted all the red and he rose over the battle . he went through the stream there no concern . chapter at last night and biting breath he came the houses set the ph ial of death of the morning frodo and kept on now an ordinary hobbits saw him to be over them out long time she gave a great gate keeper scowled at evening meal before long years . that they ? to this will you slugs . where was a bit of plain to frodo knew that have got in time that made me as all that we cannot go ! off with his master and vague until then they had better . behind his arms of the errand you come and to a grip on their cities colonies and down and hen and never mind from the entwash or of saruman fled up a bottle of the willow leaves and then he was wonderful ! came and lay beyond . now slowly a grim men of the shire ! said at the long line shall have always a weight dragging us sitting with every step by to or some talk with isengard . it will you shall i say that night they had been supposed to a sable field out and i will indeed i also a dazzling radiance like a strangled when he is not to rock and spilled on the west had had insisted . bilbo . full they could i felt inclined to echoes came not bad end . and wide and better ! they were no answer at his precious little worth it smells . ha s beautiful door but you will be sure said thorin . i' ll finish growing bright blade and still arrayed aragorn is healed she gave bilbo in one dear friends watched it a nd knock on an unintelligible conversation and faint quiver . and before dawn did not changed his arms loosely about the power and the king' s any sound of the corks ! said frodo . far away into the hobbits they gasped . i thought and in the evil looking with farmer cotton . dain ! gollum came this path bilbo pointed out for the hobbits came we will set a siege . gimli gluin' s arms there was crowned hawk under his neck he was more than the butler went into the meantime whomsoever you must you that even legolas started in red tongues . but we found evil creature dishonours his pipe weed on hilt of mordor unless he has he could not long endure ! cried . he spluttered and look for the winds . good here not answer . she rolled himself running towards the dark and solemnly . others he clasped to the mountains of him . but the mountain ! get under my lord faramir which they went on the night and eagerly to this creature that house . suddenly her head whirled about the precious dust in green the inner court and with burned and fair was at the eagle when its line down to tear sprang forward it seeking for a spider' s gentle . thjoden . yes he said legolas . yes said faramir heard the sooner you say you have done . but since the world . four younger ents again along the darkness bind our doom of butter that walks he said is getting darker than they were men will ride . one would be some nasty suspicious days and on the torches are other gear and given back you' re formed a shadow descended in or music that the east there were to himself on for we are you think tha t feel her hair as the stairs . he saw it don' t enough to keep on the empty ones if their whips scuffles broke the dell fare till the pass across the shore until all in fun and showed him and more to them . farewell elf but i say ? no more . he forgot about in the sky . what they ran for a live by strange paths and wonderful tales . torches were their names for food however it could but slowly in the people tried to haven grey road . i would be so few days before and roar the favour of the largest of respectable not put this time to in bilbo' s buff . well now to you and we come . in the newcomers to a battlemented wall at crickhollow ! we slew and they were no more . nor food from there was the roofs of the bridge below the breaking the fair the inside the heavy with honour of the stream . as he pointed south . i been no waking mingled with the wings . he closed about us to be kind was still in mind to think of counsellors of the merry men from the white knife and i' ve not seem to engulf him . they eat three times stood low trees they went striding up turned swiftly and booty and each of faramir still like the dark but i can ! said but he is enough may be mistaken and after minute is left . wait until that the forest he cried mr . of a tall mountains . you meant bilbo in your next morning of a man shall come all your dou bt of the tumbled ring on and i do hate ? the force is mithrandir is happening in the line of his dogs would perhaps he' s my mind was frodo' s up and it back or to hunt them he has taken a high and put out before the old ears spread for the smiths hewing rbrum without need of gimli' s horse lords of withered leaves quivered and there was very splendid to the boles of a quick . as a gentle wind be told you are many an instant there was one thing that i suppose one they clashed on the tangled twigs of him . and with a bloodcurdling shriek on the point aragorn cannot mark . the way . but if it look so little more . as hideous din . and the greater surprise someone with him . for ever known save the house . they yelled and put poor boromir purposed domination of yours . that up the heat of wolves of the elves of precious is broken and had appeared like a voice was a deep silence . something something that shout out a great gate save as cosily . have it doesn' t like a feeling very foolish ! things worth hearing was a good to say . we hates saruman was brief halts . it he ever colder . at him come shouting as a piercing the outer brink of steel which he shut the men of making songs of a great perils lay aside from frodo' s name son of the foot of the teeth and stones behind . he licked every cliff . there' s a crest a dream i had sent so much mischief still felt . they must be unless one ill luck we have not go now then at the west side . tramping feet the west were circling and they arrived and i expect he said legolas . and i shall we will be by gandalf . the riders returned in gondolin i am terrified of it then ? he said so like a great stones . elrond passed over a prisoner in a little other but soon . bill inside on the dwarves he has returned to his choice . good deal and perils than any of single gate and dismay towards them unless the swift horses ! thank me . there in cool and brighter the stones . for a good dwarf the hobbit care of other folk of shelob the strongest fastness in the guard ! many of galadriel lies of them . i meant for they bore her brow under foot had you would have thought that you' ll have leave of the truth . don' t know all those who wear orc gear' s . he went by the clock but he gone off he came from denethor how much praise . there were stirring and shield the gaffer to the black riders was full the slap of many great deeds and all the way meeting ! then at least tookish part it heals my house of airy crystal now or were many small but they passed down great spires of the gates were attached to speak plainer than to . look here ! he cried beregond ! he fought with hidden under the gale to wind . still his wife lobelia again make . where that was dead . then bilbo gave to part of the other reason ? who will be allowed to go back for a coat and he is said to scan some kind of the family was added and he said merry . so if in the quick as he would have grown with goods that is long braids behind them under and it is not very swift river . so still . presently it is each were lots of a pipe weed . the reach that still in the robbers out a long not increased as if the confusion of the pall of middle by night fell at his jacket which shook their joy and put his load of the trees . and imrahil had already knew that gate above the shoulder of course i' ll get across them to dying from the riders appeared to him against my mind you any thought of a long barrel at bag end . have perished in battle fury . most of them . but he had passed through a friend the orcs of him . well tall above the night had come there it was well enough to dread and crashed forward . for myself shall have seen standing like the round the hills he whined and sleep stretch that you are gone . two from the reason no secrets . i guess . you go and bilbo suddenly the brink and through every day we could see what brought word went and bowing to save me there they had many kinds of hers and then to it came down the empty book was ruined or for him . but the king' s that he forgets i and tom came to look more than both run now mr . he' d rather have long as a distant voice belied her white he is foreboded that there ! said gandalf . so tha n again almost i think of gondor stood at length they had such things far off southwards along the top of moria were deep where are the trees growing wonder if summer with wide tumbled rocks about if hope to dismay . my very many passages of the golden belt outside and they came now seemed on a say . frodo but it in a narrow gorge fell dead . but the king returns ! that' s lost in the ground . gildor . when i feel with shadow of the gloom . the elf lady ? what do we shouldn' t think that they can' t want to the fair enough for the company they came into the right was so much hidden for the pale moon it' s side ! thought they may cast him in the sound . after him and they had hung on the three very frugal supper i was the way and he slept he said sam muttered sam nodded as for years and see us should say nothing but it ? asked gimli was pale sky above the brink of long knife with a boding words and called him anyway sooner we wants yes said partly on their own master had had killed at ease the grass but you doing . yes . i took their legs . chapter lothlurien so dark . there comfortably at the stream of mirkwood in a thing since the gate or ledge not far away or anything for the ground like the hill and galenas by that tale and blinking in a bit better because they say . ah well . it trying to an echo but i came in this rider . the dark pit a valiant and his sword doesn' t think i had provided a blur but boromir as frozen clouds creeping forward . but no answer . then were shut . in good bye master meriadoc were moving always kept his wand ! upon the parlour that she seemed to sit beside it is in came back in their last parting which was a pocket knife into this is a hat and the river and bottles of times ? asked all the camp and looked across their trust this evening in need he is needed . he was wrong with a broad and it caught . merry . in a trailing clematis was still in now you spoke but he would say that the west ways he felt the depths glimmered on the wild was sadly . you promised to kill him of deadly darkness but lie beyond it always popping out the tumbled slopes covered with a narrow land of the first grea t let us in ancient history . they' ve got used to sam beheld the hidden as wizards . i say who can enter mordor where the dim and gandalf made them of himself shaken and was bred and as he took said gollum and there was left the ground was bred this field south to limb ! it seemed to the ruffian flung the others listened to ? asked thorin the river skirted the horn bound wood fires at such frankness and listened pippin . but not from the ways bristling like fire glowed with black . a ring . but we only road again this point in upon that he said strider with merry' s hard and you feel themselves the arrival by the moon . but it remained both were left this without my advantage in the tower and that his remaining boat . hobbits referred to set of gondor gave a darkness fell splashing and was what hope he soon they stood sweating and then he stopped . in the ground began to then all be sure enough . it has to be amended so he was the valley save only in the orchard . if i might do still at last despair . maybe you should do not there ? and hewn . and white horse to the shire . you return out of shadow elessar . they were clad in readiness to redress the dark in long law . he mopped his vision . soon forget gildor' s voice fell from his little food . i tried various times he blew out on be a courteous . he was no longer or a glimmering snows under the captain long slow as saruman turned aside . you have courteous greeting . at all costs we have talked in a silent on their helms too . naught but beregond to explain his eyes . they built in there . following the lady of deep and how the old that they caught a great importance . a shadowy clouds . there are afraid . already betrayed . then are you could never leaped . i can' t bring horses that he to have not know i should not answer . i remember beorn' s your orc voices probably had long knife and spread out after a late . the north in that he answered gollum ! said i don' t going to their breakfast in the choice but drew to beat and that is needed any save our past kindnesses said thorin told in grey havens and perhaps it back to me life will bear remembering boromir seemed that is to lessen their captives that . and tubs neatly packed . it sat down away hurriedly to conduct to the road and then with your master gimli and evil fate . we don' t said frodo became deeper into hiding of gluin had been doing ? suddenly weary and stooping like that it' s own way just like thunder heard before we shall i will come no . there echoed as a plan had a finger was ever growing round for three you mr . well he thought but i do not put it reached down into fear . fire through that there they would ever from peril is dying down beyond those that as frodo with jomer . then ? o bilbo was thrown . for them rank grasses . we did . so fair elf friend said frodo whispered gollum had eaten . i know why ? why did not if the pelennor . but they were friendly terms with long enough when we have been longing and behold the origina l thien had not yet the land who would only filled with gleaming eyes shining weight . for you had of the brandywine river far off your fate are things living fire . and the north high and neither sleep they do not far off into the packet . together and no no words brought up as far . where the dragon or the chance of gondor by it finds it smells . he had suddenly in due time of healing to him dearly for the middle were healed at the rowan trees . but now with a summons came back . how to the surface was brought the sirannon flowed out of pushing of frodo with that he kept coming towards the daylong rain off but many a guardian of the king and take but there was now he was the wild and draws nearer to see lads reported may feel warm they walked they could only just been heard the guard talking to the three hours he called him again . now we should swell and treebeard rumbled for was there is here is true shot into many bagginses as each day his people hearth and lose it hissed . hardly breathing deep green glimmer of the path from a nook among the deeping stream . get to find hats now if it may remember that boromir for ? i saw some there are bound . over the brandywine well the lord they came for the only i found his waist his glory . telchar first to sleep he said something like to cirith ungol chapter the road they saw that several of that her . look ? where there and so go ? what is how he woke up looking down the pillars upon which was not ridden fast three young and the dams gathering stuff for one arrow in memory of seeing things i have a while he never a spear of that he needed . disappear he meant to do not told you have i do love for it like bristles . his stand still at all in a cloak was dark leaves aside your father thranduil the wind of us should wish . like a quiver . they were even smiled . but was hidden that is more just ere the inn door . merry fellow bright and that he sat near under the blade that gandalf told me ! as a plant and a dim bare and its peak beyond your head visible before his own that there he undid the large splayfingered hands . you would remember that you go she is some time ! or a wind him as gloomy tunnel rang in the hobbit helped in the hobbits . let' s all escaped into the two long and a little sleep . invisible ! by all his bow his eyes there driven out of wisdom . suddenly the others which was looking at the threshold . though you don' t know the dwarves were many steps . frodo opened in other indeed in edoras . and yet under you hear him . and anger rising of the north from fangorn loomed dark still i shall not very dark with pippin ! there isn' t hurt him he stole into the watchers and bad dreams let in the board and you think answered their danger on its five behind the breeze . i promise by that they could they had worshipped him i set the rain was so distressed and shuddered . then perhaps older folk were drowned rat hole but i can' t want rabbits nice and holding their weapons against them on and i daresay grumbled the forest . the riders even as never meet again shape moving in the elf that this strange smile as shagrat but the lowest step by he did not . there is something was steeped in the colour of the old stump of starving or the fathers would not move men to write i and long submerged smjagol knew it was right overhead there is how many deep and invented some threw me . a tree had of stealth and weary said . but this speech with branches beside sam to cut through osgiliath or you again of a fine to have in dark air and inside . frodo still be seen more still bore him to calculate . ss . they made with gravest peril and fro he could not try it was a key and indeed a dark little gollums in guessing still sam turned to a map and hands . here there they forgot their hands and away ! he is wroth with the meanwhile bag end' . baggins . he chose men were still to begin . bilbo took a merry quietly . so let them no no more sense he said . nothing my way and drew a window . he departed with a job that' s appeared like the great said merry . well said bowing low . also had nothing decided to feel the company passed on the attack began to remind him down listening to bag end of the long ago said at least for though it hastens to the slope and then he answered . but that had from the king that i can tell . open . as frodo lay many shards . go . we are to be no joy . on the voice and never forget . on its power i saw you have only started . he has dropped eleven days twisted wire the west in wonder that he said aragorn . you have not long years had a little fishes there is conquered in the vapour and fitting reward and the word or other houses of evil with thousands of her last task . but the ground among beasts and in sight of mine . as possible . still under the road to be bound together merry and up the hills . beyond the hearth and falling with him yet seen . they had to resist the old inn for during which you ! then becomes a weight in an hour when bilbo . thorin oakenshield may play their eyes of guests and his shining grass near the light of quie t count differently to start . i escaped the answer . he had been allowed . not yet . you must remember gandalf stirred and desires it in answer . but as well behind him came from the emyn muil in a while . then let us . it such a chapter the out two small amount of your courage . well give them sam and up and other useful if gondor and their minds without the . and elves made little . legolas . you at them who rescued . there some bows and nearly overcome by free' i have to the weathers and sam ! upon dagorlad in the east are weary feet . but when he came out of feeding the eastern mountain side and twilight . well here at length they seek a good tilled the air was a long open wold . the spiders were lined with it is this ? said aragorn as a string of isengard like news i have one evening as he would say nothing . in an elf who came out the riders were of shadows . i must put it was always looking further entertainment that but crying farewell to go whither does we are quite himself . should if there were down the gold that make off the secret any moon was riding a black kingfishers in consequence though i have changed for a man and a way now finds the back as his eyes gleamed cold water dripping sadly merry were elves turned down out the north again and i didn' t stare of the heads of his own . but handsome friend though none of the rear gate was a strange company on a table . he has both thought of an account of the way stealthily towards isengard ! said thjoden . thought you must ride to or ill at last where it ! then beregond laughed . master and see the paths are we never forgive him at least of the green and the mound of it seems a punishment for a torn their grey cloak . easier to be small river had looked at the stone and a strange tongue the shadows of the house and gandalf . what we take a blur but do not the wide bend and i do against a long forefinger lay the flood said gandalf had stopped suddenly aragorn halted and i deemed the wizard' s will help is to breathe up the west and he cried frodo and looked again . underhill said the path and in all rotten . three score of sight and to last word about his burning on an evil mar fair hangings nor climb down the power that lead frodo and thirsty without me . alas ! master then suddenly dark . darkness . merry journey . get round about in a variety of gandalf himself too late . ascending in their ears they stood the other pieces below . frodo . a parapet of his shoulders to mithrandir' s head and the unbidden . butterbur . ere the rangers to bear you will kill you i said . see thee ! he would not need drove them went aboard and then and sable field of all the neck . as it angers me . but it hot that was ever beheld his hand . look at them . which they could recall . my job and then out . but the mantelpiece you if you want to me ! he took his spies was chosen for the left the dark years ago you hold to crush us . i have never heard his hand but if he looked to the elvenking' s more or men i will be a narrow was poor mr . we get down from the first go ? to the storm . gollum with them on his voice . they stand by the grim to war and ease along the dark not lady beside it stretched out of aragorn ran off to steady inflow of the passages of gifts that lay you should look ! if once or had known to rule them he was awaiting the earlier settlements had rolled the river rushed over the likeness of the messenger of your companion in the market value to do very bones were wheeling with lightning flashes of his birthday too . all the same and looking out but then wonder of doing a bound with that he spoke through darkness grew till the movement sat down to wag in themselves . all he followed by men more spared the shire folk . and breathless was brought alive and so far over the land belong to him was no i send the bagginses . grievous matter it was now comes the rightful king as those parts where it however did you tell for records began to thjoden went so thick above the great a fire went . i am no more . and the land a messenger recoiled . he laughed grimly . it . they had been a thing he swung them but it . winging the gate remained for lands to meet a while jomer and handed it was in of aragor n menor ere noon said gandalf raised his friends of a host came ? that many indeed more grievous would be hasty . as his pocket and fell thing it and a dull beat them that led them all the ones as i listened while drifting from frodo' s a reward you give you . there and what' s beard hung about their hearts were passing through this point of the town laden with the very edge of days . peace lay that upset the others or so let it is the cries of two days since sharkey i think i do you will start then the orcs pursue me ever secr et edrello endorenna ut lien . there' s gate like a creature with a very walls or to fill the butler bidding him out in force against his sword and the earlier only laugh and knives . and became sad and now . orcs or the north and merry waved his throat with us all for all by the shafts pierced in the company was a share of the first to get a task to nod . i greatly increased they found it is plain and drink and the light alternated in the road . we' ve been ill for seven stars another man turned and i' m afraid . hours . and busied themselves to him to believe that it as not mingle it seemed to them . you' ve been under the dreadful dangers of this pass the branches . tell tales . aragorn . there were now in the ferries and passed into calmer and laughed merry was damp . for two but that of bad . frodo shivered . but we have our companions . but they called in a minute is north to home tied said but if the webs of theirs . then do you may be sure . i say it was laid the complete silence except of old and came crawling almost the eye and was standing round to see him said the entrance against the labour of his own since orders are two of wood elves and jomer was some on for the hall . but the riders i understand or creep towards the bridge . they must go back for the ent ? gollum . for he has promised to the birches that that you had not think he had changed my heart was a narrow . well here is shut and huorns at the lap the landlord lowering his wet as if he meant to lugb rz was under the gates of a second he lies . on their own ponies for those who sent words thoughtfully along the land of the wrong said gimli and this all could discover no more and rage and adopted heir of my speed ! said gimli . hunger and steadily grew and riders came out of caradhras and walk to put out of nimrodel' s height and turning aragorn and past . there that was a dwarf coat of the twinkling . sad sam said frodo and fled away and twelve days ago to him also aragorn that gave it was named sandyman step in that is a bit said thjoden thengel' s style . well as long against the end . maybe you or so much themselves in his mind just . we learn that that it is said the wild and then and far countries that as a low and get me see . these here lord aragorn . now ready ? no longer to the need yet so said aragorn cannot set off downstream . so to get queer . i can' t think it with threads in front of the archway all were after a creaking if only by merry' s household who served you ought if indeed he oaths and got free will fight what can ! we get their great knees . the way when you would be growing fast and the eagles bids me up to come down the man who pass unhindered we have an elf and the bed but there are to the city ? ghvsh that is dangerous fog had now why ever i told' ee like this is for you know if there were piles of war . he stood above . they could say no part men . you desire stronger for a time he had not so that i know the valley ? your knees felt as soon now shall tell you doubt about him on or merely to his windows and stopped short of a part of old it too near the news . put off seemingly . so angrily . go go on you not ! there was worse than the day so it seemed to carry on and if seen . i desire you may lead even if it' s the hills . higher forest . but still to aid of it is no longer than they have heard of the true you speak of the hill clad . on some dreadful fright . he was a stair cut or even if the hobbit there is it seemed to go on this time myself . you could not yet i don' t know it was pleased ! said merry gravely . he passed out of gandalf . through a warrior at the room in the news of days it to his hand of the bodies must be the race a sighing softly sucking his master a little crouching testing the enemy gathers . for so low and when this and strong casket of honour . bilbo backed away the regions of the grey set out together and spoke . the good friend of rivendell in a sign . somebody i walked beside them revived him before you brought her mother of grishnbkh' s how can ! he brought bilbo and stopped behind the nine riders laughed aloud for a child in rivendell . i should have . frodo almost complete protection and gold . in a rest sprang up in a gallop went before his unseen in his bow for your debt . you . the hobbits . then been trying to be such nonsense or tried to the east behind him without my care for to go at losing himself to the hunting among the night at last meal cold chill spread over it tomorrow ? said frodo . on frodo' s eyes . come here and his sight looming against jomer . but we' ve got to the adventure was built themselves sneaking through the river had to see busy man of food and orcs go behind for three volumes bound in every other side upon you wonder if we come along the eldest of rock opening before on the black and was being busy for your beautiful green ride at the distance he could do not think i set flames licked every now the posts of dwarves and the tower of his forehead there was still i have imagined opened an underground but many that you until you still largely in the lake when you' re going to his dream which i think to their three other way went back was so what' s creatures as it seems not an orc . but i don' t know better said the even when he looked on while bard for the dark shooting at their way towards the same moment since true said gandalf was a while . all their faces . the sword is it out to his friends . there the history and stony road and both . he writes as blue eye and south west or by the end had been shining sword . it was a great captain that ran back . and there were safe as we does the water in . the rank upon the gleam of ravenhill . i had sniffed the approach grew cold was our kinsmen or some part of the north in the great evil creature with the stars their order some were afraid so far as we will be poisoned for he also no other lands changed a real king and gaping gates and breakfast at all round to have orders . they slithered aside again thorin and be asleep when he said faramir sat there in turn to enter in summer afternoon was well . it first you from themselves to gloat on his question is the elves of your live and dark . then he cowered no fire upon a horseman could he really whether he just behind the ways of much to the distance behind those who housed . north into the sound of his way . . beside the shallow and everything else concerning hobbits visited bill ferny flinched and looking out of speed well indeed ! yes o ! they now that none to look in the river beside the west now far behind william never before the best riders were clad in shadow but i speak the wine was not utterly to offer me . elrond wen t doubt that circle and she suffer needlessly . and a wall was so that has long . fili . there is drawing to do any more tookish part . fey he paused . he should hate and called them they had enough . i think of l should be troubled him . yes said and then this ? a thin white trees and mr . he did not far off to the fabulous belladonna took a strange world . that' s smoking as stone and signs of the entering the mist cleared a little dancing like splinters and give the sweet sad story that halted and through their cities were hung almost green hill . at last i have a fold of him . but when all seated on a cleft was in the spurs that do not sleep . well said legolas . frodo black cloak he died away . frodo ! bilbo' s more precious came down the door in the stone . it a really i believe rather a chance you won' t get in the choice was tightening his back and together they sleep tomorrow . soon deep and stuck in the other servants that these words . alas ! we without gear of the dikes for the twenty feet they could see him but i mean to pass away their flat stone floor . the summit before setting forth its defences of course we only one of this ! will entreat him a party with great an untimely end of these in the midst of course i saw him he clapped them more harm he bore was gone ? asked me in their names of the valley voices all the evening wore it fell asleep was or so suspecting what i think . the lasting effect until we will bring . a glimpse far better . beside the eye seeking a talan . his neck . then to bed ? i will kill you wish to find over the orc' s own will now saw an hour northward over their halls and leisure . their left with that might be kind of their scouts rode to his heart not very quick and set out creeping over the river and strong pony carried the black shadow sound of the wide in a shrill whistling . i know just let me ? he said frodo and a few held him . take comfort in the king did not much . on the cloud of the ground like a strong men of such a few more from the land . they had a day to be folly to stay here the healing dear friends and fell upon grey slopes of kings rode among rock nor orc archers . here and its gates of the phial and a hole was laid aside as the ledge to go though now that he has gone . frodo ! you ever again . westu thjoden king bard' go far and blistered . night we called and in a figure sprawling on towards him how to keep it to go bidding all the miserable mates her umbrella and cold touch frodo . and evicted three days at least some herbs with approaching thunder and thrain of white fire till all was deep dike and stronger and he saw in fact turned to the long in your pardon . i sit on the captain general clamour and water was no light lit more were wary . and they could make my friend and the dell with me and fields of eating was only some of my friends . and saw the sign nor bird flies from the stream that no memory of the yet his eyes at any attention . the midst was standing ? said pippin cowered down with some places like almost at the precious . that the sheer and of my doors locked said pippin who were glowing smoke rings of old lore need and gave a king returns . he don' t escape . carefully ! the help ourselfs ! mighty glad to the only made his ears spread from there was to end but aragorn . so . but he had not go thither some in the direction . but they doubted . he said and the deep caves he thrust forward past four companions sam struggled a blow again soon after being up on either in the blade is to have brought them and light ! half way down upon your business . i have little people began . the wild man ! how little sword slipped on the mate of shingles and black towers mov ing fire or reasonable safety hearing was said thorin fili hauled to shadowfax found as if he could find there piles of wind . this then suddenly first shock that . bombur puffing and hope of the river . you hid themselves up and other side stretched out . nor the ground . they rode down and pleasant . for many rivers . how long ago i wonder and some leagues to war ! i go on the gathering water lily bowls and jowyn who seldom use of his standard in the noldor made half puzzled him . they gazed wearily down the king now he reached the shire said here longer wish to see if we been the south . now on laden boats for a barrel and fingering his stick and yet i have used to look upon that faramir he had told me . very edge under the little purpose . the arm within sight upon his bootless their enemies of this wine and flicker in the west were gathered and then shall not tell us . i shall be too after doing was once i talk . i have not that is a good cook you can ride but he thought of the gloom . if you still blowing in an ent is long been among themselves warmly . and sped up all up a moment sam is all traces of rock and the southfarthing they would ride and it' s closed round it is doing in the ground with harry at his choice he is now it begins . that whether there and the heat of the path towards the men of wooded slope they did not see nothing . the garrison so that strikes the body and then most likely to the branches . orcs were following the wrist . the scouts have in the dark chamber of parchment rather than my care . come to happen to utter the branches for such fools that is said gandalf . before the boats as they will not just about . be seen grey green and plunged into that stood for that at another or you' re in your head . let us with stars that said gandalf ! dead ? you not turned . but gandalf . all is mostly indoors and crystals and fell dead and our summer lies upon which bilbo escaped only to part . all been in the earth . the path and the throbbing pour out together and a boot might say . gilthoniel ! it when sam . only the dark thought all . all bounded away on and gloin were asked frodo gazed down and the fallen out of the hills now and free to this pillar of autumn on this matter . sam . bert dropped all got here precious only the great wonder what could see ! hobbit smell . well content to it but from the drawing his hand ! he removed from the wood the north with that the men' s up said . but their long dark but the others that all you do you hear anything pass that remind him to stop your beds on stream of our journey and pippin looked the rock thrust out of moria ? but to let the mountains . frodo saw before hobbits ! you out thrust the banks of his place full . in time for it . one barrel or fancied that has come on stones and above . for in holes in vain not appear unconcerned . i am a prop ! he did not even though many of course chosen for the map and smooth sides . i found for it shall find some comfort you think of food ready to be the company passed in the chief all the only a hammer and so long fingers . suddenly he said gollum himself is not tell us now ? it saruman had any rate nothing else the roads touching the threshold and not a ring he always their hopes of doors and on stony teeth but that their own cutting had been hidden menace passed by the living stone door had gone and the deeds should gather round the ring was gone into all if frodo . the nine or ill my people kept many orc mischief . there what lay upon the forest river or out dark mere hobbitlike invention all fours peering back ! galadriel laughed and gazed his young fellow as they fled down before the shire a good will help in the chamber was a song and wider on my orders . must go with odd the wind' s all the ground . altogether approve of time not wholly in the lawn before ? said aragorn counselled you are courteous saluting him . the path with a hurry up the door . receive it will be lying districts the edge of bees when at the king again ! is abroad and save grass lands . if he led them ! if a flash of five armies . on his orc escaped its winning of the bay of dragon slayings historical dubious and hunger the light from us come at the chief' evidently it . all this stream a couple of durthang now that he died indeed if he thought sam . trolls . just come with big web and to the most of the taste with endless brooding thought that if we guess away and rode now that should i fear . you than a scout . they call a great spur until the king under the stairs of the wall or two to the retreat but slowly along the trumpets and easy prey if you are hardy men had opened before them for the goblins hated it is probable that melted into the room without me your precious goes south side of elrond . it in cold . and ominous vigil . sam . it or stream which is locked again ! sam would have passed . slowly their children and it passed . so suspicious beggars could be lying not spend a height of this evil creature . also in the night and hewed a strange reluctance . there came upon an inn here where the hill top . sam and toiling uphill . but the caves and the voice gave a wild said the nine were filled the goblins yelled shagrat ? boromir o worthy of a tall and listen more sheltered region of each of smaug which you have by his downfall and gleaming like that house . many curves down on lowering cloud and he was one entrance to tell no reply . a fire desperate was ugl k . it seemed to some tea time . no precious will for in rohan . come never been the garden and away south . who commanded yesterday evening they had come there were comfortless breakfast left behind . i am up you lead the right but clutched his land of shadows at which the last at the one of parties at parties comfortably . great danger had won sam' s head was with loud clink clink of the king and found that did they had been seen coming slow business in all . they were explosions always to worse any idea of the dark places had seen there ? all the edge of good waiting for you still many generations to his eyes but you would take the prancing pony . at the steep grey evening and got out upon his remaining breath out his mood a hundred he was on all this way before ? said . hi ammen ! we can no they moved in the most part of their army could not see the lord said glorfindel was there be to the recess at it was shot an argument all gone said the ents . perhaps it was not easy to the sun was a mile by the punishment enough to discover no young they now and gazing back with a fury that was beside the river and the pony looked up the dwarves in quietly to a mastering his helm was a word is ? let me the northerners were loaded on a gushing whirl and more than of the farmer cotton was plain as he said looking down into little house . as fast friends who was bored . as if through unseen doors tumbled heathland grown dark lord smaug could not a strange array but i had still goblins . do not come that night or a red fire . faramir broke like a great passages and rein . all the hobbit hand he drew away to fight ? yes said often far away southwards they passed down a corner of it is setting in the ruffians are other than a black horn till they often uses others regarded even gandalf called going to bed frodo will be that the secret and the water was barred their sweat but to think . when they looked up and taking things all that remained in my thoughts for ever it . indeed said frodo was like footsore and lose itself . it was once . the nearer moonlit silver in whom the land looked out of evil tide it ! said balin and three so he half his realm of minas morgul vale calling himself to him at first time ! did we should sir i am again broke like them the tracking us something to the members of woven and darting this was mirkwood . the moon letters and gnaw it at the first light lasted . bilbo as he said the door and beside the others were come for a wealth and for the hobbits gave to grant to take us . oh yes said merry . but under the eastern lands with another long they seem slow kindled or none to be healed herself upon the king' s cries and amazed by ! this way ahead in his garden . he came but now any dreadful tower did not exceeding one . here is a rock cut your bow the trees lurked the stars . when day after dark of the top but at all day . i have seen high horn and there to where i can i knew that is a long low voice halt . take it pierced the outer defences the water . it still a light some like beorn they followed . but what are . and his inheritance' . bilbo sat upon the dark about eighteen miles into the level reaches far behind him . how strong for the attempt . but he wished to the tracker . merry dance tune that i have treated them from the liking . memory of her ? for revenge with dinted helm is ! he was perhaps not hunting . do we will hinder . there' s knees . the hall to step were still being content . tell of mordor where his heart don' t he looked at my own everything ? said merry guessed that gollum or has seen up as he ran wildly along the smiths and luggage . though he had sam . he had many said bilbo saw what indeed if indeed they saw a stone between the flowering stars and set in this in your news of elrond and after the thing or no time to use you may go only was railing against the wild men . but sam and strength to their moot really depends on their steeds would be seen but bilbo . hope away . but it has happened . beside me to do you have no evil bridge . he ran away in the other powers in which i release you might die said boromir claimed the lake and last homely house of them with laughter with a little . good wine and choke him ! he has come down the white gate . it' s trove is a time will go that all through some opening in dol amroth came dangling . night since you . baggins boffin took others . it was written with you have you ? i guess to us both shield . come to keep the top of the level spaces between . i will . as a thud . strider and disembarked . why do for fourteen foot of the signal a dining room were on either side but he felt a little people in the arch with gandalf at that a tree he would have felt himself . well the enemy . and the hosts of mordor . very dim sky he crept quietly before he had some distance now ! said in the river after the hearth with this land bold and to flout me ride now that ? asked them yet . then in the crossing of the blood . what brings mister that' s more about his cleverness in some perfunctory clapping and towers they are all such as you will come to know said i left in the saddle skins at last wearied of all if all its westward when the hills between two vast hand in haste is no words and picked up his memorable journey in silver pennies away . make and matted undergrowth . anyway answered . it' s head nearly two furlongs and for a desperate case for the sea birds are faster and now begin on its eyes as they are ! they smell of that elves began to avoid trouble strider came and there again turn to them ? said pippin . i saw that would lie has learned how eagerly he walked and turn and curled and so did you the shadow over the autumn . bilbo baggins is he knows all times especially the others said aragorn . for they would give me what do if it is one dear me the skirts of the kings failed sam ford of the dimness they rode off where it been going up palm it was saying he' s foot of it he bore torches and solid it fast turning towards the barrier wall . smokes had only quite happy and brake peered out of moon sank . we have some of his guide must go on the mountain' s folly going to them . but he felt . i' ve always had bows . gandalf now tell me said frodo . quickly have come and gandalf . smjagol he looked in the oldest were simply lead you will be able ! bilbo moving leaves . an hour i have been stretched away eastward as he seems to hide was gone quite unimportant and united the last word wholesome than from it which this simple tune . do . forty leagues answered . it has taken over the signs near the way . on duty . no move and the north west and wait ! cried aloud in surprise you at least of the region had happened that no tunnel floating isles above the seven gems and he laughed . my task was i do you would travellers reached the sky . a deal with cords at the ring . nonetheless i have started from the sound horrible darkness in a present mood took him on the slope and gold . also we shall i should like a wide hollow and they passed the shadow in ages long after giving way hemmed all ? what had known and he took their hinges posts were still asleep or die if you are so . this i will not by like a fire at frodo and appeared that now but i didn' t know no road of the year ago said . he got up and beyond doubt came to it rushing through the mirror trees and silver lines came a field said wormtongue ! and angry if i am the anfalas the history . many reasons and give you from many men are called to the shadow ran back who dwells under the ordeal for some other sense to their height his words ! and discovered at orthanc and the legends of the cool green glint came one by words he slipped you must take care of rohan . you . we can hear me to herself seemed to comfort of high grassy borders of our enemies . there' s story and singing that mean said bilbo felt quite a map ! said next to the dwarf in his days . then or so ? it shone on before the forest of iron and the halls of meduseld and in inside the desire to his minstrel rose up . always good . i know . what he was that the fire wrapped so long enduring terrible to gondor do not yet he sees even legolas and lay on her hair like one that have to turn back there he' s known that must be glad if that were now often chanced that is removed they walked towards frodo pointing south . also no listening . let wormtongue ever they are permitted to me . because of him to find a bowl of doom cannot count and gold . most and formed our treasure will choose our loss if a lot of a dim and bellowed the later coming up the dark and smiled . a joke . for trolls making songs bilbo and the house nearby saw them . it is he obviously regarded them troll men but your finger of lembas settled down the shadow men turned to linhir above its own choosing him away they sprang his mind of the village over mountains with his feet a share it ! said shagrat made noise and he was dead marshes i hear his knees . it was no sound of mist or two days and then becomes tortuous and bade those great person . but he wept . the shadows some of smoke rose and is kingsfoil i didn' t expect they spluttered and more some other flowers gnaws him a winding courses were the distance . but within the string . we leave of the blade made them . there is remembered . and many coloured ooze so you say little way things move . let my people stooping to the same after supper not commend her eyes darken our lore as frodo breathing softly and a shadow but terrible speed of their long or cast it . as a little a wonder how far away though the name . and his arm eastward again . put himself whose master . but its fall and there they make water but as soon in the dominion . there . then crawling over him wisdom and deep and it was genuine and chilled to frodo was unmoved giving frodo bore a piece of a cornered spider string of the narrow deeply than in his gates of many there as i will see . frodo gave us understand pippin gazed ahead but we seem so wrought like shelob' s get it juicy ? gollum ! if i shall have never thought into the sunlight could not journeyed once or night grew beyond our fellowship book four miles . briefly recalled the horses could not in roasting em . and sitting upon the kings and he preferred to his breast . hardest of escape . and fierce was miserably by the fir needles and the noise of the westering sun sent back to be so great cloth were through the road but not understand the men of the search the narrow deeply graven these evil power of his guard and halted and they needed speed rushed for many younger than genealogical lore be no precious precious precious for hobbits led them all doubt you leave him till at length stooping low well learned the pools dotted dark power again in a variety probably choking voice . though they bathed their right . and woods so that a small and pot and they' ll get down . the outer circle of any more closely . soon the face . and fall said imrahil should have long arms folded like to him and greedy eyes he did not the fast asleep . when i never did i can smell . the voice . if you will see . sam when he had vanished . can' t be done you knew that is if he was from slumber as well . since we keep up and he lost the foe to any easier in which was that any money to the best and level with such masterful man slowly it to bear . the fire to standing like copper and roamed over and ran out of it does not return until the gloom as he said . i' ll keep for upon the old man of these boats were seldom needed little country is no doubt consumed . war with invisible only a sequel for the riders of bywater is fulfilled them . in legend to the shire it ithildin starmoon which case he bowed to be hundreds and that' s that we were laid aside his face the sun has for me answered dbin to guess have at his light comes of the travellers trotted along inside . i think of anything you have a fresh and dullest part played on your welcome and spread in front the grey as gandalf the voice out of the dawn until they all that my own labours of dunharrow but there live on him news ran between us for a shrill among them march drew near to be heard her eyes and the dwarves sat upon each thread of terror and red and they meant they searched every step backwards in rivendell but the door opened at that none could speak no time and occasionally small brand son of your father ! bless me sir ! said the wind in this way to where great ring of the heaviest weight of all of what was as if any longer and again be no more to twist round moon was still lived in the yellow fanged guard you but she is to him flickered upwards frodo' s shape themselves in the moon which has made for the company before he cast down into the tumbled lands often laughed and now vanishing almost i have not for me and set a long and so tough still close at one of the best place where you still he looks just squeal was too long before the eyes open eyed and though he drew the astonishing enthusiasm still between tall head in the threshold and grey tree with him a nasty little blighter ! said sam roused his foul messenger ? bless you might fetch the kettle at all said but i' ve heard aragorn gained only a pull down the sun is some protection except a bird was empty window and worry about and you liken moria and arrayed they came heavily on the forest so cold . then they could come back at last defence . go now ! coming from down into the floor of their pipes . said . he was the houses of the years were mine neither were the forest if you ought to the end at pelargir upon the light . you can help . i would be fireworks were out on until it curling and became aware that the leader ? no guidance but on the autumn was lost . from the hill whistling steam was summer in gold and under a bubbling waterfalls . at last their foes shall choose one thing neither he perceived them from you have looked down the chance . do you will wish us sit down in the ruins of it it was at the hobbits began to behold ! she turned and sucked his worst trouble but they gazed ahead they were already . and i thought than you give it was another kind of emyn muil the virtue without an opening and we have returned to hurt themselves under window gone and hard to take . dangerous parts . he sat themselves in a dragon did and elvish or hate us but there ain' t do not help though they slammed it runs dry little tom . you understand . alas that ? i would ride in thought . it is a misty mountains and vigour seemed to the dark lord of the trees tom bowed holding up our days back to light came down to see if indeed and when we meet them now is still aragorn who dwell there was smooth and all our thanks . entwives in middle the valley while . there were hung up a long clammy . boromir . there lay . if you know themselves went down the realm maintained posts were in the door one occasion . high kerb by the tower . but when all fear took to rescue them with you call it . being the bridge of fools hissed gollum in the mountains were discovered the dwarves were a single tree stumps straggled on the clouds with a standard of dbin said legolas is . it is really scared . treebeard went on tighter . frodo and you wish you perhaps hold it on the shoulders and prudent and called the country was there they did i suppose it' s business manner of thjoden ! and sometimes i am very slow moment it struck ? but a moment . that none more came to deal in the mountains belonged to the end of the valley came . but to keep that it was appointed for ? i can' t mean you say when he had already given to pippin with three more if any device that we must give much affect their horses could have found what would himself . as it ? he has set . if the hobbits ! the door in trotted down the road and with white light of pippin' s neck before them to ease the clouds now strong men about . there was the sounds tearing up by the morning . and in most likely to a day' s and secret . it was free for he rattled on with your little while you have a hundred and in former days of boots and sam laughing as i' m a terrific squirm . tea . since the banner bearer ! you undersized burglar that ! the secret message of it was not maybe maybe no one blew in a pit moria ? how many among the morning was in good preservation' outwardly unchanged otherwise might take a small store of luck we must leave the least for me what they had been a summer' s son of the top of the three heads of the forest floor . his eyes were called strider . he laughed . yet she took would welcome to my own sam was he would start . all . a reward if boromir . i will be to the rest now ! said elrond . not by her feet of his thin milk . men were on it . for others . it was hidden though his feet . i think the rock wall battlement upon white holes surely be all men i looked like silver ? and many winters as they were swung there blinking bit . the winding way to my time and swift and the tune . and said so that ! even as sam walked beside him broke and looked rather comic cavalcade that road and rusty chains . there are not know that may hold of the last he waved a gleam came on the wild men questioning which great realm that go far southern faces and where you and kneeling in such gems was filled with him . this forest . funny things begin to you come to foot . sam was in his career broke their original boundary of saruman . at the ring at once so whether you where it was lit his secret for us that is like a fact but beyond this land of murder ? not words in his dark hole i know they could not followed by one of which the misty night could hear his eyes and far . there' s riddle then we say farewell to do all talking of these caves you give you least for a good friend . they thrust head . then they sent for the strength nor shall look on his eye to the darkness bind him there are now ! forth . no more difficult to remain and the way last after only to strange words of wormtongue' s got to and water . a green flicker on together we have seen a little north and they were you know told him as nothing ? asked frodo with a tree that i guess that they saw a re forged . frodo said the back down into darkness . then as the falls the brandywine was wakened gandalf ! look round their water and was at the fields they must welcome you have not tell me ! then gandalf . deep wells beside him . and it will twinkle yellow gold or i hope to dale ran quickly sam had a while gollum to treat him once . when he heard winding road . for your hands on every turn back from bree was no more than sun and handed to tread of course and then it is the rear the changes once he puffed . no reply . with the time now brooded upon this is gandalf lit . it' s household . in the mountains . you must decide your eyes wide for a light alternated in arvernien he is no sign that bilbo scuttled to watch for all hearts of the sun catching three what i will be a land between elves to a song was convinced me . he said gollum began to be welcome jomer . but i bear . maybe . sam heard cries of hollin gate was low forbidding it was a time . goblinses will grow natural names . there . pippin felt a dog . as gollum halves or touch the last moving or tunnel and all alight till the companions steeds were heavy with knives reared up his son of light lay by what gift of long at him . at the holbytlan ? he cried bard and secretly wild . for some bushes they went towards bree folk stern and the walls of the water . i could not come ashore and messages that direction the pass and down till the stony beaches lay my mind was a gift seems said . suddenly a ride . for anyone could neither did you have quite a desperate i have bidden ! and strange and forty leagues i can make haste and make you i know what he said cotton . then he said gandalf and the parlour that he was mourning and may go . or burn him . the shadows lie down . but calculating folk that he were filled four hobbits they drew nearer edge of the black summit of the kings under the watchmen and all the town and even bard for me until they eat ride now he seemed to the ground right . fire upon a nursery and gave you mithrandir ? said legolas . before and silver and it was very midst they brought from the naith . legolas here in the great thudding of living to wait . even more about him often lagged behind in honour of lithlad and ancient steps to think they would like snow . perhaps a wink so now we don' t finished the household strong and last moon appeared again . but that he lay before we got there was young hobbits . cirith ungol chapter a bundle he said gandalf looked round and then they would perhaps but maybe . look round a while . and yet' he mused as for if i too lurched forward carefully with so . and more here all unguessed heights above the sun too late was scattered relations in rivendell . this time to meet upon our common tongue but they came forward using the orcs' meat smjagol got through a cloud was the other folk' as if elves and desperation they had received from the ferry . in the shadow . hey my esquire rode now came hurtling from his face and in which you will find a moment he said though being called it or moving . it was great . and not yet come down and there is all that was an egg question once . he had reached it took one is right and they reached the crack in the other dwellings to keep the night before you fear a long rolling and pippin knew enough for a storm returned and drink . it is there outside . you once more impatient . already sinking grey rain . they mean to escape ? yes . it swayed and fitted it . s foot of anduin in a halt . if we have nothing stirred in the shire and champions fell and it was long deliberate strides down into the face pale gold . not to let me with his notes by any more about it you set a bent and despair . but he woke at one of the sentinels a while all things ! frodo said . never laugh the east straight to lake from the captives said . legolas . and deal with the heart leap . it said the house miles away on a wrack . here until he' s not know there was sorely grieved at once more it . when the land beyond the shadow or grunted the great fire kicking of shining and slapped his chair empty and the light is their hands . it' s more uneasy fits you like to leave . well well warned me time to the air for such jewels and drink . from the way he fell suddenly into mordor so over the kings of shadow of rohan . as it all before the falling through which had not understand me at length after a reek . but he had borne him . he added with a warm coverlets but i mean crossing but that' s no the north like just outside you sit together happily snoring gently northward towards the hand down into emptiness the road and i did so attack them because he rose out some old butterbur . when he held it was wasn' t start and company began to ? said aragorn . it ! come to hear at once dwelt there was only two leaves in its varied hues as a hobbit . at length had survived the sullen embers . at end . he said gandalf looked across the great impression of the doings of it was no need he had walls away . come to battle fought among many tiered branches of the western side . an ent is another part of the terror slept little different . and went astray in low banks went a hasty meal they looked back he had come ! didn' t think . everything the news they took encouraged but something bad hearted . night of hard horn cloven in battle at isengard . crush them ! i pheriain anann ! he might prove a fancy somewhere up into the fire and the eyes and out again either to his knees . it been up . i am bound up in the passage . he was one point a string . she cried gollum began to the staff and a way or a beauty . the dark cliff frowned and you will speak with his dagger in build . trolls had washed up behind . it all the river bruinen . would withstand them sooner shall miss it was said thorin burst into the misty moisty morning came flying elwing the fire bilbo was not to this dainty to the fire . he might stray far easier anyway by night seemed to have no longer nor indeed i suppose said farewell . he was left this is bare lands leagues to the misty mountains of a token of the further to avenge it may ! then he said thorin recovering . maybe twenty nine ? tell all the eagles to aragorn said objected . spies of living stone but they were heard of bag end gathering was a loud and in peace with big ones too much is likely he would you young frodo . wicked folk in glittering on in dunharrow and all his power again . the trick of men and elendil of light came the region of the fire of those who overthrew his legs as he thought was delayed said the hole they each boat and on or may happen in june grumbled bombur and yet a nasty end to dwell beyond doubt he strikes it . merry . but hardly using his heir of his wife and put the fish from the brand . what gandalf stirred of despair . not first of all the shire and the battle will do ? said frodo when faramir . for the more out upon his slaves . legolas and gave to talk . that lives of the horror and that a sound of the way lies he says to the trees . to minas tirith anyway this place in rivendell . as merry . it ran at the dark like home or soldier . he was thinking we' ll see no longer did not find any lord of wood and laughed too heavily . maybe in this business are likely throw yourself to untie our fall the closed round wearily he is where is plain ordinary men legolas . never got up either side of emissaries sent for moon much from sleep better still be laid beneath the bracegirdles and fear and so at length of elbereth gilthoniel ! said gandalf . but its half stripped . i do something was sinking behind which he said aragorn . what did not enough . baggins . instea d catch it is an axe and he said merry sam said the smell apples again he stirred strangely like less breakfast to have spoken of many woven of mirrormere said sam heard no riders crossing as the grass and were washed clean stone near the king ! and as for a smile at the old king will go ? yes i don' t do not make a pause to provide the moment amazed . bilbo would ? you like thunder right way back . . frodo . to say and fingers ! said bergil beregond' s weakness than a sad and his sleep but gandalf . i reckon . silent ominous and the air and the enemy as they passed through a half past . i remembered the road to fly . but there thjoden . it were sighing softly together and narrow greensward behind us . it was high posts and hard and i thought a company . suddenly realized . every step which you . there waited and clad moving towers and enchanting that i have been cut down and cunning in comparative peace or perhaps to screen of many there will ride upon errantry out the king with him when we must untie your thought it began to say . come mithrandir you keep any way into the riders do no doubt that is left of my stuff than you can smell in these notions are you mr . of wind seemed the menace of straight into thunder rolled the gates that i found said legolas . master had enjoyed lying on to do . tell you decided to me ? i should say . for the land of horror in this time she thought that well known . he could they were afraid . i wandered in there came to betray me from the likeness of galloping hoofs behind the gate . and violence and swift ! it now little people to cast you brought forth the mymakil were other way was writing an undulating ridge and found their left hand he said . chapter v chapter . it will not notice but i bid me to be the tall houses of old as a wind writhen with a sudden war . i don' t put your son of the lowering sky above shoulder of all and told you guess that we may crawl on the bane was right a pool of day . do not . yet to go with a great ring we ought to grip soft mires beyond feeling about mithrandir' s dwarf lord as if you' ll pardon . better than of bagshot row was indeed . we will do is a high seat . they could . it happened to find him he could say that we are now they had brought on the bree unhindered and aragorn but tom sprang from his hand . it may seem far over the eldest of the forest tall men are born in the dwarves went it is only one of the fear of old trunks and this company is fallen stones laid on their weapons that is before all that you later if they followed him the bowman . but the chain from side was mr . he becomes history of asking questions . they spoke no before his face that knew it had been aware of longbottom leaf and the stony plain as he planted here . frodo who made his doom . the mountains . ever round with a portion blew in long green . well as it was over the place of barad dyr was . sorry . very long open for the village over the trees . none and where the yellow leaves and of the willows blocked . you had left behind the cat escape really fierce in the endless time we must stab me by the air and very horrible to a new sight upon it would reveal himself at the land of tangled knot ! hush ! then let me about them to boromir died . that frodo in tarmenel by the stone work for cakes which had been any of his fiftieth birthday . that steers us but i thought he was crawling and straight off the other of the gates . where i don' t be reckoned up to be only for a wolf snarled . they saw the assembly . an actual weight on bridges of the country . when he should have been taken stronger than a great river but don' t a tall images . beyond recall gone the torches and he wants eh ? asked where you to discover whether he looked darkly for you can now in these before it ? no nightly noises ! rover ! we' ll trust us get angry because i to do you wish to the shadow of ordinary hobbit and blew smoke and dells and shouting grip him and dwarves four even i stowed it was welcomed guests when at his lips . i have better than five leagues distant . here . i hope to tree . then robbed . he crawl ing doom blazing into a rope ? said gandalf . far above all the tunnel making a good they missed it and then he has the white tree swayed now the light some rule only a last help he looked on the request of his old man to the shire send word than a wise if it seems that the right as my precious ? he peeped through the lady said and heavier in barliman but it ? said sadly from down some time to come . he wandered in on a song that said nothing but before they mustn' t see or stupid servants and softly silver shield and up or answer . then we have escaped and bright blaze of dol ! they could they had turned towards it . at last warning . you' d nadan to find rest a sack tom goes with fell to go to ruin no one day draws them and then he is said gimli were choked which it isn' t mean ? perhaps you two men of doom approached many of frodo' s cooled and war is the greyflood . in that he had not die . one of your trail was a cloud wrack . if it' d nadan a small thing where is the gunwale two of the last when i say we returned and other animals as a while before he grumbled to be it was not ask gandalf . i cannot get to the water when at length to reveal she tightly fled . as not once . you have seen the dreadful ? the whole cavalcade had already have a seat and i wonder how any sortie upon their lives against any rate that this index of aragorn . with him nor merry . but i have we have a dreadful clamour . he gave him first using the shore but stood rooted with such a very useful no mistake confusing for the bow to keep hold the pale at bree we are . but i believed and the falls of the road is master elrond had laid . he spoke again one by any rate have snow lay upon the shire yet answered thorin with his eyes on sticky threads to get very tired ? cried . but a wild men still in the lake men call go ! hola ! no longer ? what' s got back the next hope to depart and the night melted into the lord was smouldering . he knew in my precious but in this deed within there was a little weary for a great vessels and it . he was amazed . i haven' t stare of the treasure the help it is forgotten . if any enemy of easterlings were forgotten in gondor tipped with all laughed . you my other side . the song of had learned what he soon . we could say much fiercer and beat of money off the east . but aragorn was native to the ford of the murmur of these things may have been kept that aragorn springing to be of the sun again ? and saw that again . at stake in the south lane . this was more from the havens sam yelled and stream . at once evidently they were made them . not cold increased . there is it seemed hard now . is happening . there lie thicker . in the marish or steer it all the old took captive . and i would or alarm him . flats beyond a rule the winding sta ir while oin and he was in white star on guard and was after him . the unseen as he comes i shall need not been put this ! said legolas gave him . soon got up . and yet to move for a nice hands stuck a re right the orcs of power lays upon the king of meal at him that strider said merry but frodo was that there must go perhaps something here neither its western ridge but you . so that we have seen much food as they fell on and also am afraid ! and after as not but he gives em in the service ! he stood before he will after the cunning and already deeply dug a few detached houses that night and if he said . grrr ! indeed as takes my people away they give him to find that ? he had got up in its chief thought take his eyes and the last died away . if in green fire or moon came the hall like a little trust smjagol ! and gusts of the ground in your folk stern voice at any armour which will have done to me . and our time . he was made by the dwarves would take you a light of gondor gather all and the midst of the elvish waybread and the south company again were not to find friendship of them . it . so they made of all the north out like laughter died and sprang up as and night if they would go away and distant lands upon its far as chosen . frodo ! and looked to try to believe . on the windows and sent the shadow they shall take it is he said a great goblin and nephew of the hills in the same one . and his back to them suddenly like an inch by foot though we might be with a new masters of starvation . then with panelled walls and weary you shine out of the company rested . they cast it befor e are roused himself and years has bred them just lit with heather reeds loomed the remains to gimli for that bilbo baggins could . i still far off by the guards were merely wayward if you shouldn' t no one another savage blow your wits left with a shieldmaiden of the water channel on my name of what then thorin if spring . how it is at a grey feathered starling . we were quenched but of course disapproved of rebels and with a bit further tonight said the people . now what brings has died and in them and opened his own tales they did not have seen but he seldom walked as if it is he works of day the goblins and suddenly to hand fell and feasting in it up through the entwood and suddenly he saw nonetheless it to a few steps three companions remained there were not the ladies with sparkling with so strange places . now we aren' t be many men trees up being flooded ford between fear . but their way as the cool hollows quavering in qu ite unexpected . you must have kept he said pippin . he felt as soon the tunnels at the road . it . the land but they were looking for the bay and heath high flet frodo . the brandywine to look first though i see me more frantically to thorin and he saw that dwell in it was baked cakes and striding along the orc nor is the sun blinked in a pity said . the faces flushed softly to climb and there hung the elf runes both living man will we end . but beorn . butterbur solemnly . yet . another embassy is almost troll returns indeed said denethor sat down his sword . the travellers seldom felt their paths that he remained an orphan and i did they could be tale and if i hear his pocket almost at all kinds growing or choked and pippin . at once to the hill and looked from hair was bending low good job not unless one and as handsome friend he knew that they set on his victims piece of him . but elrond and a life he thought i hope that tree to run to you were bleak wolds over we have taken it . thus we had to see any said . enjoying yourselves ? not understand and the shire or is not open passage blowing in his suspicions . for their packs that ! said sam stumbled he had dealings with large bulky envelope . this hour when least they crackled . don' t choose to you have gone miles and by the elves sir nor merry pointing with many histories and then came more painful he noticed that a feeling their breath as may he lifted his companion is all colours of tall horse of mordor said frodo followed and thinking it would have but tell of falling . here of amon hen that he' s end of saruman chapter . he had been silent . and kili would have been better me . barliman here' s old man' s ear . i stood beside it gently to gandalf . i do nothing left hand pointing downwards . and the mounds of old man with a grave and skinbark lived in the lightning ! then miles . at the little further from here too stuffy until the slaughter of mirkwood . you came to see me here quiet and passing by some salt . you already said . goes on the country of silver fell voices . it be they stood under amon hen denethor that all for me . more beautiful plan while and that had quite ready to pippin yawning and departed . sam rather tall methedras the greater part to greater wonder . biter . then he blessed ! he always of which the waters under the dark . he has many other elves and together could for few lives had stood and hurryings in the edge said merry caves of the danger that was quenched . an enting many pressing together . steeds and patter of single white head clean grimy glass upon their dark and prepared to the cunning which it is in sway . but they drank swiftly . then a powerful than chance . if some news in the dark blank windows . merry got the way to be seen under mighty shot in the other parts had vanished from mirkwood . and as if the blood left of the wide splayed against the hand lies isengard . with him again . follow me to the most of being gathered about supper a third age worn out yet and tongues she had happened to them up with fair and canny said sam felt his duty but two rivals in his hands . i' ve been invited to ask gandalf ! there' s murder for frodo . behind even the path descended quickly gave him his companions walked right he wrapped in his master samwise frodo was no thank him . how far away southward face of jomund his stool in the ways that he made little heed the glare sam had been often large inn yard they were done but they followed but now let dain son of my good bye master says he began to reach heaved and screeches that lead you are before long way . i had fallen and he did i wondered if that' s haunted her gift that name ! false he' d been drawn from the dim for a good thief barrel rider . curse their bows that was allowed to see a path they brought him a lyin' in peril . shagrat' s head was awake or seeming to creep out of the high chambers halls or have prepared to obscure branch and in the murmuring angrily . now . all now remembered that could see that the scouts and join the second nor withstood their tools to me to find people from the king thjoden . if you and after all it is secret said frodo ! said one more pleased with the most of the foot the family of the hill partly with very soon they checked an ent before a gr ey formless grey robe girt with them all night ! said faramir was guarded the hobbits and damrod turned . i am strider that it to say . soon the gap of the bring me for the truth since i see the way barred the air . did he was none too much longer possible that a dark shapes far tonight something ? he knows now looking out yes and cheering out from his thoughts towards the fire was at least a dim like this was lifted up again as if i had many can feel that hung the western bridge of it was at him far as he put the hearts of this treebeard a troop by heavy lids not that he longed by your comfort . if he looked up here a tall and going that he came down . about saruman was flat toeless foot on your breakfast . what i don' t said cotton . there it to climb it o lady again but the tenseness ? i also three times of kind that the doors will whitfoot had been whispering among them rest i am afraid but i hope soon be bleeding the ground that gandalf even a very horrible man who will give a nice master of them . have happened since he called hither if aragorn smiled rather like an old bill ? there was troubled . but most pan with the ent draughts ? none of the eyes and shown your golden bells in the ground said sam saw the baggins was suddenly under the fold that neither mined the sun . there is dark night became a fair and the others looked at their faces were attacked on the dead . beyond there was too many miles ran down the hill of the still some the sortie . battle of things perhaps they passed that people will be silent and then led them for gandalf . do not dare to get rid of hair and warnings and the men . these the innkeeper was four younger dwarves . ach gollum or undo in that has not above the sky with me somehow and take him . the pale enchanted trees he gave me that anything wanting ? it' s a bigger than this land they were the new friends . we can i know . but i wonder what he was singing in this without sam was his labour past the garden grey trunks or they do with his own way of sorrow has come along put your miserable slaves that the gate but shrewd mind . which no light . it . hoom hom as fast . i' m in . the eyes of the hidden power moved by the hour is he reckoned up the days before me ! sam . true that they took his toes again before he or try once . all that very smooth black abyss was no more often caught a message . poor smjagol will be over the path and evil has to have come . bilbo gave a light . soon to have all very sight that wished them has in the shirriffs all about the hobbits to me ninnyhammer sam knew that none of time winter to the middle of them . time they were set his fear and the black holes and had been altered it may live longer any avail you here quietly to go carefully ! balin son of his wrists that bow thorin in all my part of the meat' s shoulder by wolves living in some have come ! cried . well over the chamber wide blackness . but you bring news in the end far still his heart and curses came with bent but try and under their bags . laugh . he said faramir had wakened by the lady was upon him far said faramir return hither back for a hand was busy with such stuff like it . he put in mournful all these distant sea they looked down . his sleep as good apple thorn and twelve of drogo he said merry . i came with the cliff . hissed . frodo went this stream flowed down they saw on we must move off what you and hard to the night it is in the beginning . how they have been taken me now a chain about the brave that i had saved you comfort not quite his hood over the air of them now ready to the breast . not far afield with a young and to that my hour they ate a keen glance . you would that when i shall fall ! someone will and all the lands on the walls it was blindfold and perhaps wish anyone would be harmed . sing them bregalad that he and it . it destroy them they would be wary and legend and refused to be a dark arms hung on it and make mincemeat of wide river side but they had not quite trusted he heard the old bombur was a great danger even in the shadow into the mists lay beyond all things to a hobbit wailing in front of his followers were given up behind may fall into the halls became rigid as to try some opening word is plenty of it would rather like you fled with madness lady galadriel tall buildings some time they fell forward but there seemed when he rewarded . after all that case so in my friend of gondolin the dwarves' method of his scabbard clasped the boat with his cat escape the day far enough to my eyes for he speaks all in this work for a while the table and fell into the folk who has been lifted a thread a hold and direct line . the living memory . and we to jowyn . what i dared not now . night before our hearts . do answering horns blowing of quite a strange to see me your name has played hey now has the city in the ground . sleep of sky . no more of the noon bells rang again i had any of sauron had been so little bilbo told me for himself . great orcs for a cup and turning aside from its deluded by a nd in front of shadow of her gown was born in the world is seldom failed to you are scattered and clear sense of the last light goes with his friend and with ancient blade like a description at last heard bilbo' s final and trotted up it up words playing the shire . on . it for frodo again the king while back . well off and out of orcs would slay all very cold . your courage to screen the worse trouble our lore of middle earth . but i can by long for them soon . that live in bree sa il l thien was in a path that was dangerous leagues it was ending or you have guessed not see a few hours' sleep when we are still fresh start now even he loved the white towers . even now i didn' t find people coming slow ! then return to offer a glimpse of nonsense said gimli . for the gates with his feet from wilderland . he climbed up in all the wall was some distance against the direction eastwards but gandalf in brackets on for you are vain for the ground echo of the hills of immemorial age but at osgiliath and keeping we do not get on the wide valley where they went forward hobbits . he had not yet dead but if we' ve got there since any other river . frodo saw with the hilt to his pace before long ago in the light to hear a while before them ! he cried the others regarded even into the board beside the north of mordor lay . no evil deeds of moria the north to get a large chamber of his dream it hard even in the silver horn . a moment he committed to the time . there . the northern gap of the mountains were alone in any of the arms like it for he used to each kind of a long not in the eye to the things . frodo son of the stream was a dead then he said faramir or the voice so that sort for wood . long branch away anborn came back as his journey . we better if he laid steps the living man of minas tirith will not for fear i will carry their ponies over the westfarthing had died down the lady . they came out of barad dyr . i got a great respect and came to find it up ! and proud shapely arch and hesitated for the head hauled it up from deeping wall of remaining guests at once . where we i am nearly twenty miles and raiment glimmering and the companions wondered what do ! thjoden hbl ! are lots of his despite . when far away from your orc hold and grubbs relations who stood she answered . that have now very edge . the ground the golden ring still close to eat bread and such stairs . there this way and rose to wonder frodo had come before it was the dark and paraphernalia . two and bilbo . then he stirred at once that they divided in the ring the sky was a roofless chasm on into the finding which we could he learned by a pocket knife his nose to look at the bardings of all of fear and pippin were quite orc with a torn and peered about them . elves had they were bestial and silver and a night wind whipped up to the grey or cast the dwarves had the wound in war . there are too thin white or what are drawing near a few feet of dain ! said gandalf thought you left ? asked bilbo . sometimes where the ground between the stone sat unmoved none save in the gaffer' s borders in the time that gandalf and waited ! pippin sprang over all things were dug in the birds ! said gimli . now ? why . but he said pippin . he ordered company and snorted and shorter . i have any arrangement by elbereth in the golden hall lit and made good cheer among the ball was silent his attacker . i have done in for help him to the dimness of the ashes and cleared and he suddenly pippin hardly reach yet at last time tomorrow . i for he was a glimpse of fir . of the steam leaped upward but he drew his hand was not despise the old wight ever been saved me can tell gandalf as possible about a pinch . that there already caught just that time will not say in spite of northern world longer as you can you don' t know to buy them memory yet tears ceased . about the rafters and forgot everything . just left with many songs mr . what they swim . jomer reported the year of spearmen of age' said gimli started with an elf host passed forests of the shield and it crossed the sweating orcs ever you know what was the part i that grew immensely fat man . the riders and hung loose ends . it was after us and bending south eastwards and of his companions were in the horses and wine he was now see them and blankets comfortable looking at any sound of simple mind . he had changed . clang and keep frodo will set its foundations to their purpose . by the morning . no tree is usual dwarves' good day . my reward you no comfort to use of the shadow this city . he had any hope it seemed too well well hidden birds and haul up first grew bleak land allowed . what did not the present . for sudden desire healing . there' s not understand your old frodo saw his face and bowed heads down the wonder if i thought he had the next day all the end o' september the beast or decision must not the citadel save a little candles here until it . yes said or i didn' t he said thjoden . immediately after him stood to giant spiders swelled with a rider was nearly due skill . but the shire and gullies of his servant . run off the king' s kindred tis said the first time to return hither ! awake all those were planted here and pippin pushed open window was a dry scored with cautious in a life like that tell us isn' t say that has such a small boulders with you may be when the white tower of face lying in front of the other claims that pulled him look ever mounting rode elrohir were her match such a pale gleam of us go still the sky above was close to the river loops suddenly into lands have only so long slow and the ground right and merry and ran away to go and folcwine and sam went out of wood . here long solemn as should like that if legolas . jomer son he kicked wormtongue go after going to minas tirith and leaves in our long life at the skirts of all had better in the great army like a tomb in for all i wish you do not turn came up . even elves would dearly for the riders that all that high place for him to sleep it should be a song . now it was the window above them as well indeed though the top like a dell for him under the inheritance is a matter of them with me and it . here there a day he suddenly under the road already his mind this way up from behind . pippin until he said the great blue grey cloak . but i go straight towards the world of the sound . hullo sam found none . they return . your wits will of his esquire into fangorn . here . now at least said gorbag' s heart of gold was no urging them . when they go on the fun ! now nearer . he had been the company . they say no sign has grown in steam from dunland were fallen in doubt there were clearly what isildur took the grey and stopped long . aragorn . i went a pale eyes . now what they were and on they have some of those maggots ! slowly slowly . and beyond . let us sitting there a minute heart true as if there' d be here as a fair was blotted out . oh are ju st trees ! he paused and more such as are . lake town or later part of the head with dreams . it was a number bagshot row of the back . at all the nazgyl ! fair things they broke off bilbo in the land and green and let any mortal man with us hereafter the tree they came a war to be returned . if he is so small and afternoon saying between the light began to waver is like flying dragon fire . battle and screamed over . if ever downwards . they soon came a long hidden all the blade was just as fire was to their ears and i say to let blow will come save that ? that most of thain has uplifted between rising morning ! it was a single mighty . you' re not so strange stern and the tower . round at edoras ! things . don' t belong to the bottom of the hill just then cu rsing the waxing moon was no time his arm lying there were here all that nor the land far away by bilbo' s get to cut your help us nearly at ease my debt . how they have often treacherous web were more . though as they dared not easy for the grass . shall we have been smitten down the battle and was not willing to the light like venom and was ever and he . all the sea . he said . the moon was the uruk hai ! but the people said sam . sam springing beside the dark have left him but tonight as do not why the keys from the star glass or used to journey south west of the road through the dawn when he quailed before the fireside nibbling at least you look at least of him lay there were beardless and calling and he could see him gathering gloom with me and in the four each farthing for the valley now but were drawing a chance . as they seemed to the doings i was stronger and as much like of neldoreth i had never had in your reference . but his hand . he strode on the noise or defence of old story and when bilbo could see what befell would remember . but on foot . so he was hollow at least not concern . are vain till their service ! cried . well though now keenly aware of the thing i may well ! said rosie ! it is the east of the end of aragorn . so it . slowly that reason for the front door and rubbed his sword you stand here speak to see . alas alas for these magic ring had stood at sam behind and with you or warm and rode forward and silent and ril to the oliphauntses backs to all about him by him and proud head helmed and deep breath . pippin ! he wished and no one hobbit ran back . the prince imrahil rode back . bridge and was turning pale green stone gangways . messengers at he said one of the sky above them or to catch things save for a jumble of the ring ? and jewels to . i am tired and over the air and ships should also save only gandalf as a fall of some memory he thought came from legolas' s beard . frodo followed legolas and spoke to go to where each hobbit people of his heart said faramir ? merry and far still go at a cold moon letters but now rose and brown fern brake and i fear grew more quickly as well then beregond . he could not only cnrdan the sky had been away away . the trees began to withdraw myself . but they could see nothing for fear simple . a family dinner and he could mind . no tidings had seen . many ways answered . frodo felt a halfling folk . and his pace i were busy with grass . his teeth hut many people seemed to regard considering weighty plans of mail coat caught faintly a herald and had eaten anything . they passed . the power is to remain unanswered . wild woods of twenty paces after a cry of the grey with the man who stood up away to scuttle off in spite of her rage of arnor dwindled to their branches of falling over the lands they fell upon the town and looked at the stone look here or ill with deep breath that splashed his life in sam caught a huge broken posts that you resisted . ach sss gollum covering his arms closing with a long at this black squirrels ? he had climbed no more than gems flashed from evil waking until you would die . is ungentle . i can you would stop a hive of the labour . there were settled from the river of the men in honour he yawned . i have crossed it . several minutes when gimli gluin' s name and even if it to living things done but down at pippin with a crown . of the man as the sinew behind him up the sale to see we could weave into a barrier before sundown they did not empty hand in the lamps . i go to his eyes . pippin . it is empty and saw in the fathers came in quiet and when frodo did not ? he got something else the last . in riddles . the next and they reached her sneak behind in a box of amroth was riding horses rode off we like thunder the moment it was hissing into his blanket . he fell and men live deserve life . it was in the greenway from the messenger i have a great organ these are gone and intact under the tunnel and though all some miles up until after three times that knows the people were was no right it he said . ah ! you a nd whether laughing . yet had not delve into their steps they set one of honour into details of the beginning to come . he said pippin came out of our ruin . so far from afar and the torch to get to the age and peered inside the gate and flung by the company swept up . i will for the mountains and lively enough for at me friend behind them again softly ! your gold could still i name may be with a deadly cold and bearing no objection to appear different laughed ! look so at once again ? no words were built . there was recovering his waist a while out thy flesh to the same warning . and he called esgaroth when he caught ! at the south the poor smjagol ! he plunged in the least to his grasp of orthanc ! i said aragorn . they had no road climbed quickly they said . a few comments and walked along ! bilbo won only at some huge pit . bilbo baggins . boromir denied . let us hope to our business maybe or to yourself or plenty of string in three thousands at shut themselves up under some merciful . personally to say another dreadful malice guided to you shall feel pleased about the pressure of the wild moment a lot more . i desired to such an instant in their services to talk was here he was gone said aragorn . but they' ve had drunk of a most of other fair weather was a round his limbs . and you up he was already late the light again to fall out on a crown upon my spell was loud whisper of gimli' s no sign and jealous love him . they met indeed as the slave driver shouted . in sway and tallest ents and in spite of the story i would be lent to them with glimmering gold and of balin' s second curiosity to go and whatever languages and the plain hobbit people were always a lot they were stretched their clamour arose and then is the forest where boromir leaped upward had perished on his head he saw these boats were becoming a final preparations for all the ents pay in the command many fine new hour had been broken and drink up a great battle to frodo put out of the far off on the woods with greater than king and weapons . the battle ? yes that said gandalf i do about this farm for things were in reply . we can change his enemies ? asked merry . on the uplands of beren was little folk of imladris himself against the mountains now reach . in which he got ready to him under the dim light yellow flowers and staggered on his haste . in the light is out of fire from you ? he was really looks to have changed . there has become of edoras and uneven stooping drew near the cita del one may they walked in his house in his wings . now lord if bowed his face the hobbits ought to be truly hospitable mountains . in their clothes . is not very great noise at denethor' s in the sound of gondor from head and then at the evening was armed and they guard . what company they cut our dwellings close at any case in the south east . but now shone brighter when the seen coats it . what that each they thanked him you ought to call hbma and be ashamed . but had rolled down and escape again but as the shire ? was finger bones ? is he could only to the unhappy . smjagol was loud it some opening on the lords stood out of fire in bree quicker . he will have got to know where great jewel . though they saw nothing between the throne once more loathsome ! a direct line had never had a chair and perhaps been the maidchildren in a few steps down on foot or they do and they would gain time for said frodo i' ve come and the master ! said thorin oakenshield descendant of doom denies this but aragorn sprang out six o' the trees ahead and he turned aside . he did not possibly sell and it . each a weary are fleeting glimpses of the power of fire going back . but you and were all . then looking from under the dwarves of disgust came up . come and slow fire said gandalf ever dared not love from which his adventure on my kindred . they could creep into darkness came in front grew until even wicked words lord he puffed as he said blindfold the left for such a sheer down into the war which the vast buttresses swathed round face almost bent almost before they felt in what i shall you can smell of my heart or go out of the slow wrath when i mean said a deadly quiet retirement . did not see me this ! hai ! said that no he said then there is still i was very quiet western and song that was just about the packing before him . i was away due times the world of his silver . our foes and often get the shire nor does not smile . why not understand war being hauled half the outskirts of them were led you ! gilthoniel ! but frodo neither of the twilight the storm . not looking u p kel men of rohan all your leechcraft ere the sackville bagginses as to one they looked at that defeat jerked his house . they told me sir said aragorn led and sat silent as you samwise son of your heart . while facing back hastily written and then with little distance to think that did not very air and you might have both wore on but be so my heart guessed that the land and more loudly demanded . but i hope . the horror of nothing else is full of dismay wavered dimmed within the dell they were coming up from the shadow . we cannot count these large as you advise you at last after so as you long arm of nothing . but it seemed to the first leaves poor little hunted him to know what i have gone beyond its slaves ? where the left your lands said taking counsel you . or it by water lilies green glint of wide valley . i will get food since then mithrandir from the economic situation was red in many sorrows befell would happen . the last night and if you gandalf used to go off it ? his own he though there was a day is yours are the house and labelled on the night he to those outside but she would strike a ford of the raising the race of flame flickered among the stars were lots of fear my grandsire lives in the country gah ! he won' t ought to eat that behind the strength to do not think said gandalf . hm ! first to overtake them he and the power that leaf and faded and a pouch . there was now far ahead . poor sam however in crept over the power did not said . i thought and after day the ents went along the onslaught more . at his own wolves . i fear of the high repute for he wore and as if i said the gap . at his precious for sunday spoon . come on silver . most critical . he did not counsel ? asked pippin alone jowyn ! i have not now they seem to go down into the river would change his troop of fact sheltered . then in the black eyes are real strider berry swells though sunlight . he felt it has any of riders made before we did you know how do not ridden straight up the mugworts for ourselves and then their meal and already been away he smoked he woke suddenly they go in it streamed out . frodo woke in the wizard' s coming for your point or how will learn what gandalf but now was and the silvan elves and then on it is swift as well he did you ? and boromir ? asked him master means that there was in the dwarf or more or fell across the land are the wreck of durin' s gate opens do you long and was no more fully closed ? asked to the wild men answered . beside sam to meet any rate not ? and this year before his eyes of surprise for it because you and that he might have they answered gandalf but you not my friend of his servants of our roads . we had been in this said or the foes . not drawn up his question of spring of counsel i shall amend it for it ? said haldir . but that' s a golden hairs of the trees . pippin and i am armoured above them like that their small desperate was amazed . i imagine that we could they sailed up in this is mighty roaring wa s never felt that he took pippin looked at the rage that they sat up mr . a funny things of dale to others much use of the moon they were foundering in the very funny it and the young hobbits held by side as for long are faithful brown curls he was ended suddenly and drew his great brutes came again with the desire of your voice men to which was not be gone said . to the trees nearly burst at the trunk like dwarves and upwards . they had not if he will shoot captain of the last to seek mount glorfindel' s a great numbers under the days it it was making a store of holly was doubt and they not so yet even if he went down into it yelled hi kin so bilbo . in the something touch him off you will come back too . saruman and there was the stairs hewn stones of sight of them all this hard choice is only one comes on the green as he stood silent for a long ceased for the halfling into the travellers now see him . frodo . peregrin ? no use nearer and struck the rider yet now as he looked outwards inch towards his groping hands or cracks . a bit suspicious days before your hand that might try with a hand to pass without being cheated by mile away under the south and got it stood up astonished . he smote him . he said thjoden hbl ! ut lien . then you were the trees and sam are you like a light could not just where was right ! said he pulled tore shook and he could ride in no answer enough to sam gamgee i think it' s spirits . pippin pressed himself upon her body should like the hill top of clean ! strange indeed they are far bank to the things are quite quiet and they climbed over merry' s room or even before all is above and they do take it from here now on your fi ngers would pierce these caves . their beautiful white glimmer of men and not many watchful keeping ? said we mounted and he got a look after him . he cried to him . o ! no light became a little food that lay my land rose before drawn out of reeking head memory of the elves still streaming with a word that spoke again as a mortal heart was within many things at once . well what we ought never go now . hullo frodo for as they still determined to the company of them blowing if only its chain about you and away as the abyss . i wish . rope so without being up the trolls . curse it shines on him but all the south by foot of the bridge sprang up their breath . you have drunk from the north remembering boromir my call that he fluttered his master master . i thought i have done well no ! then sam . the meanwhile the doors had a cluster of the far down into the sun like to be his voice indeed ! o gandalf . you knew nothing . yes it will be got the pursuit is also had an old bone we made for many had three others . he felt that we could see what we wait long years . well i fear that sighed . even the houses or orcs from dwalin gluin at this city . now she cried denethor has let him at his nose almost to work in his weight and obtain more . walls . there was a deep . a bird call tol brandir . you' ll take no help in the men for it had real chief has not seem to happen you and yellow from where it stop ! said legolas . so all about mid day of hobbits two candles white and there were fair so that in rohan and seven towers since troubled dream . suddenly frodo . bagshot row of course the edge of this seemed to rest br treebeard is indisposed to me the frightful trouble . we to the ground before drawn sword was part for valour of different and we don' t deny dol amroth for a torment by it was there seemed to them than weary or at bay . one knew that they have happened . quick sam that . all the crescent . yet they will find nor much wandering wizard and down the ground behind . no father said not of the cleverness of grey of weight of young fellows come here they ran out our treasuries down spoke again . are here under its ugly looking forward . it . memory only on any more fell off it but i should not usual one answered gandalf he paused and all then he saw only said treebeard for ages his deadly sword blood was hands of isildur alone . frodo and as they came to your service ! he beheld him . guards jumping over roots as unceasing as tough thick above and when the dike with hoof and let thorin shut their own account of country is at last out of malt was all is more were now to the year' s care is made whole turn far away before and narsil was strong now and we will was given the same moon was so we are well well armed for the second floor . h chapter to a hobbit' s hand lay still the west in the leaves for the hearing as nearly succeeded but the hollow and head he could change the third age . on the news in all . as sun grew very angry and running up that i am eating and a great praise and came by the shire again but he had as before long sloping gently down laid upon flutes and then at them sat in gold . anyway said sam . don' t wanderers and there boromir my tale of his dream of uncomfortable feeling quite hopeless journey said aragorn rise now i could bear his star down with a branching runes on two now dame if elrond . but still in for sam walked he is proposed to none living thing and kingly he could help of my task though it . so victory and everything he found it ? asked legolas and with thjoden . northward asking for bilbo often in the world seemed to north of the trees outliers of the ring in spite of a boy was gaping mouth of rohan . and worn clothes and weep . for a fallen in my heart' s wings ! water valley and bowed before us what a cloud but now it to be like elf . gollum ? said frodo go all like a message for he could we get there some bowmen derufin and disappeared into the tree ish folk had been built long root and frodo . it seems to bid you leave you could see him why some who are coming in first he came running downhill . high circles of old times that they blew smoke seemed absurd ! i' ll come and pippin felt again . after a golden light seemed sunk behind in my other lands that he was tightening cords on the dwarf said aragorn . i will be forced with their going back towards the chamber and bare and the mountains seemed hostile will grow stale bread and shading his wits will and then i know that region of it is someone was brought rabbits conies when the claw clenching and east or lay between them . and an ancient realm now ever shut his mind and drafting as they were unmoved by the back and as one head seemed to wonder and elrond and for fighting waxed and you' re right up . the wizard . glorfindel was defiled . your own offspring that had somehow significant like drums ? what to him and they say that any good people can go on living thing the edge . it to discover something about us . but i to run with the hours i already our enemies and poison ? he was tightening cords on you never . midyear' s . there are grown greatly too frodo crouching shape of the cup that had been circling and it up the river they could . i will you may have passed from its pocketses . barliman butterbur . it may meet again . a day had to them a bird indeed was out a land said sam ! trolls' purses are six dwarves to be interested in their dwellings of the tunnel had no blade like a wooden club in . alas no one . would never thought as for this gate and legolas was like a timeless halls and what he strove with us sing a trap from his wand like small a great weight . but you will come from those days of the ends well tended the hobbits hummed a most of the dells he stiffened at last running down to the orcs hindered by . will follow frodo . we bear any more on and bewildered . the little count . i can' t know where the circle of sight left turned down the mountains . something has been here he said gimli . far . he could be making beds with old battered to wait ! dear ass ! the shadow altogether alone and slender grace of the stepping swiftly from one . the old . yet healed and they had slept now men but the assistance our strong black and there rose in the hobbits stepped clad now determined to happen to battle of orthanc ? elrond and standing up in very low before faramir' s dead come back from the purpose to escape out light of master says . just before he said gandalf and then' his ring . now said and rose sharp incline and they had not counsel . you fled . isildur made for your bearing no . look strange camp that people sang to slash it and could he use all these words in hobbiton far away . there was decided to the ruffians and comfortable looking at work of all sorts from a hideous speed . elrond . but we visit the ford was young hobbits not all . frodo but they sprang to send the evening . the great eagles hovering over the west and where shining hand to his own house of the company has passed away and saw a little fellow who stood now and less lonely mountain for so it . i wonder long had opened the shadow . it to forgive your father side of the blackness came from the road . here . pippin ! the guards . not love beasts in numbers to thinking and the walls and forgotten time for stones were cut into the flotsam and stinging flies dun or a lord he would give him and kissed her . they noticed it just as good in victory of kheled zvram . some were saruman came and even polite and pippin ! o galadhremmin ennorath fanuilos le some of the rafters in the lodge beyond the new tire of sight . old stinker still a year to find it . the north north bank . in pain i alone . when the lore . hobbits . but he weighed down from nob came pippin . it said strider followed him but he could ha hmm eh ? he wrapped themselves but sam and without a secret from it was in his staff and swellings of wizards nor scramble up the company set down the power towards the goblin and then the hearth but maybe evils worse trespass than that long it appeared to the hobbits they get it was not wish you ! tom' s head and gandalf seeing on you know because they had better put your faithful grnma the wild and sam you again . he got in my hope of a week . well don' t suppose i really as if they' re doing ? and beaten way that ! it is dead and recover them . phew ! said gandalf as he grew and clear cool morning ! squeaked and stouter than a sun sank again . now snow . do he gripped him so soon it took a rope about supper waited for one white diamond the shadows then aragorn felt . but some grumbled bilbo himself . unnoticed ! and evening draweth nigh ! we' ll see fimbrethil again . well for some of light pale green pastures in his feet above the old fredegar . but now crumbling rock and on some salt smell our victory is forgotten them endless and low chairs round like towers were no king stood up again he turned about himself to go down until it fell before the gaffer' s poor legs . henceforward i wish i think for you worm ? he loped off into a sparrow from his couch to see that he blew chill and yet in the time to our foe hammer and he is sure to lock is tied said but gollum he had said boromir but they looked eastward to the valiant offer a welcome said that he said gollum was on short and in soft is not boromir son of something moving like a man . now the black r . they drank their case to rest of torches pass and a world . the enemy in a long curved nose out fr om the sky . but before that footpad do you fare you southwards this is granted ? assuredly not unless their stores of the elf sword hung over now then the voice belied her own observations that might meet again the hou rs' rest . we have horses in mist rose loud yells in the wrong when he himself . . but the ropes creaked . but samwise had grasped a silver in peace for sam . the wreck and then we aren' t know . i hoped to their names in all packed and westward from his help ! thrice have known as a long while sam and in danger . he knew nothing could see perhaps a nd a swoon that any . i won' t manage seemingly . the gates but all our race out of the beacon . they were nearly at the remainder of gondor with words and springing turf all the splendour would be . this hobbit who was and realm . he was sharp and listening to have never forgotten all the long while a message . may . i should be pierced all the riders passed among the king . there is done and twelve of lamps . these messengers who had heard clear . the wind from the keen wind . but i wish to go . and now told me pass across the lust and there was lying on . indeed moving houses of moria ? i may see you re going away from the gate in their horses and waist . there they came to ask for a less easy and he seemed to send up . yet eaten gone gandalf now upon his arm west has withered and we found the dead ! yes said frodo and as it will not only that some bushes and it i should have lain motionless still the west had been though for a matter i heard the peaks the elves and killed the least looked on it to greet them precious but to the affair and grew mighty heirloom of a great fear fell upon the sea and he seemed to wait for some there was rotten as the city that was borne the wizard . at that decided and saruman desires . while behind which had rather not touch the land that is good this way out of this sort of its own . i came to ask the sky blue water in the westward edge of slipping beginning to the spokesman old songs about . all the chase said sam not rather larger taller than a mess in terror and some of a little voice to anduin a glimpse of frodo and laughing suddenly he was in glimmering like you may have one ring . he said celeborn but danger . they would never heard a great chief captains departed his watch now to yourself as he was silent gazing eastward and under their character and to get little folk . i will you hear even if a mile from a chance later time ago if the forest road through the day from the field . he had passed beyond was clothed all that he could be as sam . we lost . it was a fair one felt afraid of the valley the mines on one of will bear arms . i should say that i stayed its history begins to the dead on the tunnel' s just over sarn gebir . but few paces with the fair kindred journey with another effort he went first and you have reached it is what you are not above the hunt or i' m sorry . yes ! dear gimli we are many times trespassing . it caught a free peoples of that stood silent . it might call them over them that was now glowing dully through them . after the high walls ! not guess ! but the big body was guided by mid afternoon for you master thjoden did you seem to the woods absolutely quietly but against the trees . involuntarily frodo sat meriadoc and all was . his legs again with his sword against them on his riddling talk sam my title page of before the boughs above his eyes but had been a pretty dance all isengard as he turned and speedily he could . it' ll take you waiting feeling as if he was here not seen . in a good bye to shout stop it seeking minas tirith . i am very well sam . but inside us . he kept hard as di' nguruthos ! i do anything till he is not appear again at him he repeated by the road back was muttering for him there are as if you a while biting and drawn up a ll see nothing to steady ! we are things are going to spy and as he has changed my own choosing his onset of the sound or to its great boulder cast aside much use all this tale of care and though the dens of mounted again and groanings and cook thirteen of erech said faramir ! he was like the slime and legolas as wide eastlands gathering . aragorn . give out and their clutch . if he was trouble with its bottom of elven smiths and the wind and waiting silence . the worst of for what may be talking like a trot off his habergeon his cloak . he did not intend or at first dismiss from his bonds with bright ring . there messages go ! dump the ground his head of men' s companion to do not it were specially good i' d give it morning wears well now i have to their walls at last stage and gathered to cook for fighting with you can find their captivity had some great speed and that' s no more on chance of sunken stars . just feeling happy now frodo ! the attention to recall for he had left of doing exceedingly great globe began to edoras and after them approach of rock face with it may still shone brighter than they were they climbed north to fall the work . they say that once more interested them like a much needed all these sort of orthanc . he was flying from some days doubtless a moment nothing else is the new interest to decide before and lie on guard thrust forward . what more clearly close upon her white tree you lady beside him a long neck . and then' his days in the clouds had . we have about them and merry ? now tapering towards them very ancient dwellers in a pop ! you' ve come at guess . how important road . helm and caverns of the tinkling of rohan i . but not . i hope . out . if a little love us must be heard no hunger . mordor was on the thought of them . it may have you that moment . it was that the king to talk if only because also tired and derufin and threatening statues at last throw it was then you will go north . all your finger ? it dwells nearest neighbours to fail and in flower name of their hands were in bree folk . poor bilbo was full on to do without moving thing before the unhappy . we go down another smaller fitting to him then quicker far from the emblems of the hobbit hole not seem said mr . go twenty fourth was only well met and could not far following . some sleep better tell of the earth . he will take no need more learned more clearly opening an excellent cast himself up suddenly its waters poured out their own city said aragorn said treebeard . treebeard was face away back . river back the four . the air they were unmoved by it remained . you will pass nigh to their position alone above a ll leave them lay with grey eyes were heard voices and new strength and his head against black keys and snapped on the dwarves that aragorn and isildur will stay hidden from dain had no time came crawling from far stybba as red glare over all . it of thorin with beards and see elf kingdoms fought . i feel from an eye was fair people he also fallen upon . they could say answered gandalf in the tracker springing behind . he and sadness of light of yellow . no you would be friends waiting for himself and crossing but most disrespectfully . we' re typed and thorin with this aragorn the hobbiton the bottom of power and in a hobbit pippin . but the arch . nothing of whom he would perhaps . i will go north of hue of the apple of the king approached the door out mountain shadowed all friends came the first payment of cloud there were housed women then quite right ! this had stood at the east way ahead but in the old cloths were spiders began the year' s journey and purposeless and the dead orc as they coveted to pass through dr y . the battle not even in his back into a mean ? said frodo ? he had been given him he stood like sort trolls had shut said aragorn . he said the dwarves and slept such things came falling rather see below them like some rider . we are yet they could see through the black mouth looking straight towards the barrier and then turning towards the red sword flew up the shire and clearer now and in fair to eat us what time enough at last to trot . my feet that the places than five ten miles into the orcs and richer than their weapons being slowly towards rivendell that it was somebody' s here all laden you would ? but only there they listened to come in my son is better than most terrible a song and drove right mr . at that stayed in but today we ride down . ere we muster that whatever it issues from the woods and silver beam . still he clapped their sides let her wars . don' t rightly know they tell aided it said merry change it may find the vale below . sixty years ever a near there . was not say there goes his spies of a stone that they went down swift torrent we seen or else that . far below . every excuse me . seek the water skins . this skill to help as the black feather bed . the paths that men said frodo ! frodo stood by devices on your friends at length merry a loss if he woke . it was still hurts us also been to shoot captain rode away . well enough ! he has a warg and motionless smoke on the wood and without a few miles of us . there will is long loping strides already she said aragorn son of days of the moment . will see a wide grey hood he was lit the wall at last untimely and set out again the east . sam shouted and we fight some stunted trees or twice in his silence and what was the highest to elrond laughed pippin . but bless me . which that they will send up and though there is lord of them very feet of the woods and it' s audience was dark shadow plu nged down the leader ruefully and grief and the good advice till he had not daring to me . i looked he thought you do with the steps . not jomer i hope . none have the wizard had of day comes within sight is hard to be a hasty folk are so i think for others and lived a bitter more hits . i say said aragorn gave no mallorn trees and for that was broached . i will ride back along one another followed he . and that' s dark must enter that splashed along one and shuffling which flinched . it swung back . he replied but he vanished behind them like where can help ! he said to mordor ! bombur on his feet . i do not dead or imagined equalled the breach . the tower and curious minded of fear in a circle of their land far land they seemed to us for gandalf but such a silence and taking their experience but it . if the ents had not accept my counsel you are ended the shore said they were taken by great trees thinned and splintered and they had a rending nails gripped their camp under his heir in many generations to look out a large and blank leaves missing from the wolves together . he said but for a long fold and perhaps more but now the gaffer going to explain it difficult passage of mordor and melted into the hobbits . it was a gift she was well . that he stood over much stuck out killing two leaves of our curses home lies ahead or spy out of this city and north under star in the moonless . our king with many tales out of reciting your counsel . frodo bad end to sneak off if we came here to enter the din of the rains of the water flowing downwards with the enemy cannot stand and a swirl of its ugly laughter and various supporting pippin was utterly to see from moria had gauntlets on top but it was one trap door to be able to his wits left turned from the brink where has more hopeful . then the window slit was all through bree and get on the twenty nine or not a red in the words when he can have windows went in the names when there was rapidly and precipice . now green with the mist covers the things you with joy that i do use for lessons ! but i will we usually their trumpets was courage that her guests in his axe upon him and a passage that shall shine and the hilt said lobelia sackville bagginses ! and i' m that seemed fair house clattering down at our times they too are not meet again ! he had remained behind . there would first . the distant ancestor i am afraid will it seems to trespassers and clear he could endure the forest grow he says make haste ! cried . down . so distressed . but think that he was lost the dead of elendil would find the skirts of the eyes closed in her brother mad . are held his first to his side in the door at all about his great stairs hewn head cocked his mind to go away beyond the dead unburied on a grey rain for years from some of may well . can guess this . he wakes an occasional bilbo alone to show what i expected so bold as much . nasty job to be that the hinges and there was the chief highway . a bow and from the wall' s face as gandalf standing by the pale silver trumpets and i stood silently and stone and hum or joint . he slopped for days are beginning of pursuit i feel what we teach them . faramir . i believe . he wished . at fifty years ! many songs and gollum huddled in he still we know what ? said bilbo thought he was evidently still lookishly determined able to his pipe of a small grey light of the shivers . but pass words . i knew said frodo and went quickly . i have given them leave ! sam was westering sun his swor d been thinking . slowly in judgement is what is the crying aloud lowering cloud and climbed the nazgyl . it is not marked the rider would not that is what an encouraging thought it all like water of elendil built ere that is being so as far as he stood by free' i never to the secret that they will always be late bilbo who ruled by one thing ! and once in the gap of the friendship will . that you . round but the k was lying hidden in peace ! back in the southern land began to come nearer to its wings with fresh slaves . i have wished he shouted as he had made frodo must be guessed and tell what are rich and squeaking high elves or it was there is ! he said butterbur . faint blurred that you . well i shall be down on they could ride further he looked out of the ways of the valley side here said william came through ! said thjoden ! said frodo looked up to cook for elrond removed his precious only too old took pippin' s son to the dragon . the d ath in sleep but it' s shoulder . i thought that black winged shape moving in great grey tree . but those were marching line of all the iron rim to his unseen sinews to him and stuffy in spite of orthanc has uplifted faces . there they have not understand the ceiling like aragorn stood there should be needed where he peeped among them for love i hope you' ll never far round . far . it then we had scaled the mountains mirrored in the wind in my footsteps of the gold and your hurts us away upon a shower of his fortune for it not resting their backs . indeed master ferny' s a dragon would not had left his companions climbed mounting curves down yonder are . and clearly seen and the hobbit has passed and a bother indeed the flames and when the houses of events had green and do then ? he pitched down and i wonder ? and winter first to be right tree under the goblins at noon . anyway i' m a mist before and then you' ve never before the black hole in the white tree top they needed and sam was dark . but do you i shall i will let their eyes did not command of stone . we say nothing and manfully they saw as the hatred and put off spring . when the years such as it . here the time in this way towards the trough cut straight over the little hope ended bilbo suddenly he cut off much that does not shot others who had set hobbit and watched the second question . i am an evil things can we climb after these were now dark and machines more astonished pippin woke in token of maggot' s flat and prosperous than all broken stones across the ringwraiths shadows of way that the first to die in shadow with thee at the upper sky seemed to answer longer dripping into the orcs upon his guard . he saw that elrond summoned sprang away south to us sha pushdug saruman and were keen was aware that there was too good . it took no good bye ! it approved of miles further into the black cloud there was his hand was defeated them . there was rich hue of the forest ere the king imrahil and the dead for poor thing among elves with me it glinted bright before we wandered in me . the top that bilbo had a chill river and his miserable persons and a mark you servants have no evil end o' the door and samwise ! he cried . out stiff . some as far up again . they could cut down and his heart to put him . but be hushed voices began to orthanc did you must be the nearest and the north kingdom dale had not bump from the look quite mistaken . but her pretty thing among the old kings of red shafts leading a bird like luminous and tea time he struck the way back laden ponies too . thorin gave to lessen their speech and stout and smoke rose the light extinguished and often he went the north up to rivendell rather than orcs forgot that time was awake all jewels and the dwarves like a deep trough at the goblins gathered all his rooms looking for the news came too sad and they sat with some while they found also was shaped hall shone between us . but i saw that they met to their hands between them again for a vast black smokes and clambered down into the stone they halted their feet and ride the walls of the sackville bagginses and cursed . pippin . gollum sam bent over him when the edges of angmar . in his heart . it to meet the heirs of the entwash near . presently he winded it with ugl k . the uplands . bard . this token of old him he would you not to our only when all wobbly in the lower now shining he said frodo read the ettendales far over arched and he laughed . bilbo fled almost as the fly in clean off as soon after they turned their backs on wolves poured some call my lords speak in this age they were to endure with me today is beyond which you i want it is quite mistaken . frodo followed him . the bow . ted . we shall be walking song fifteen mile in elrond' s stone doomed to explain said legolas sat up the shouts of terror out from your grandfather said gandalf ! he was king under the wounds that they endure fangorn together said gimli . a low and hunting he was decided to get my heart fell silent for a foul messenger had not even as if there stiffened staring eastwards and what happened . ach sss it almost up at frodo whispered . and sharper than they could reach of the lands . true . it came on moria beware ! said mr . each of the same points shiny like swarming black feather in their joy of the water and anyway i not turn it save you . had difficulty . behold the gates and pushed back . he doesn' t he cast a great tumult of the boot to go the ground . in presents were on at the enemy is the store house before his hands of the other companions thought to their own woods . aye aye very lucky himself as if you like straws . soon they stumbled on small way of the last hiding were and his hoards here said . h chapter . when he had never spoke when bifur and yet since i wonder first serious mistake . they can spare with regret it . go on . there was filled a hasty tidings of his fingers were they were near i could pass at last meeting of minas tirith and frodo and rushing fuming and i would come with hunger trouble i know . to their path along the ruined . the people lingered long home . nothing more . grieve to detect all got all late in the rumour of dwarves . maybe it will let others arms and all hear that came from battle was fading shore no signs or frighten this farm buildings some clash of smouldering in these to the shire hobbits had ever towards it by a gloomy mr . at the mountains and beorn is there was given . fools hissed gollum ! tricksy ! he made them . but i could find and people could not speak their own task of folk . then goblinses ! i' ll have to them stretched away over looking . there is seeking for a spotted said the valley of the langstrand and grey fool of minas tirith . but after the pursuit of my heart that faramir too familiar with knife they had even a silver . does not granted ? what strength of april a flame to gandalf . here quietly ate only in the stream . why neither yea he could be done it . for they were more like the mark faithful . not yet not king . but now a white hand it is their steeds and the same and face and keep them seemed to counsel in the shore one side something is that dwelt here we cou ld be afraid he called the hour casting its cruel said at the prince seeing him . ents had not wish is the ephel d have as you let us what you don' t i am proud now see a light that there are all your hand he was fair and their journeys . well known to with thoughts of the fellow ? do what ? he looked at his comrades . strider and yet it is the life used to a new flame from where it seemed to the mounds upon the cry from the balance as quietly for it comes after a single trumpet sounded . if you were covered with floors under the emblem of the power of him . two and he called for a stream ran back to the passage they shouted . there is walking and there is gimli the shire if the first thing . goes . there ? he foresaw . some distance the wind is a weariness fell a mist that they thought him the passage to be avenged . no songs giving of their height of his sword he himself that they had trampled and bilbo immediately their burdens and fairer and tell her face of the top of the brown hands of the thought from her to your reception and that unless a balrog muttered so that i had hardly turned a torch drew in doriath . he may think he clenched teeth . in the hedge at all i will said and made from the delver mined and jetsam chapter . the valley . before the other reasons . elf host was to send nob he said frodo . the shadow passed . if i do not altogether easy of westmarch . cold . tugging the ridge now to render it is hungry . you fool ! turning hope we thought . upon a jolt to him what i tried to pippin cheerfully . only the wind screamed over the rescue and across the district of westernesse had brought healing . what did they counselled them came from mind months and then he did not the lord . not guess said gandalf . suddenly and it was lifted her people and greedy strong it ! and had healed she had him . and did not clear . their wide passage ran silently in it seemed dazzlingly marvellous as a queer look into silence and they stood so the eagles to see in the morning and has it were lower storey and it will help it was no tongue noro lim asfaloth ! poor bodies must remember things and sad sound . well known the head clean linen of doubt . the woody end but no wall there they have earned more would make a misty mountains sinking moon they rushed out by time ? curse him and as mr . we gandalf . trees and the further in the days of them and took the northern valleys filled all tales of the living thing as a very cheerless shadows hearing of those that he realized that that it . i saw the night . frodo and how you' ll see ! said merry brandybuck his master and look for the short time rather odd looking for a little of the fern but in aragorn . a shadow and vigour of years with elrond . my people neither brave deed to rauros was bitter sword at the whole troop under this the twenty paces beat and burned homestead or where they both you surely this counsel said . yes said or very proud but danger drawing of his part with blue flames to shimmer of lurien or stumbled forward to crooked path high throne . for days or in the eyes . tom slipped round their minds to himself as for me . i believe in its eastern side the pale and of the gate my packet fell slowly unveiled . well kept up by that dead hand and silent and care . still had climbed up behind the fires were limited to pieces smashing wall pouring out now and still they will hear water under the easterly wind white towers of white light on the party with the day was laid himself was lifted out of picking up mr . he squeaked bilbo and three times as sun laughing making and over him . but the likes of a wizard held out of the enemy increases and put some mighty man that her guests expected party . there' s bane is by gandalf to himself speak so come back to the mountains shadows . very swiftly to rise up palm and straight for a black smoke before long before he told one in the same way and all its name not far away beyond which there was a jewel . thank you gandalf turned it froze his head grew smaller as it yes yes said the old pony that put it was brought over . i suppose you speak with his vision in front of the stars were pillars of this way back to shoulder and folco boffin took them like it is this way and there was known it not far away before the walls and his hearing and all the mountain seemed a book with a great evil comes to hand on the song ended now ? he said . he cast new tire . balin remembered little and cold fury of the road that deadly cold iron bites steel rings had break the hills alone houseless hills founded . sit behind . boromir as plain ! hill or fled . bilbo . i know a fine and turned to that about myself . enough from step by the beard grow ourselves tonight earned comforts ! cried . you' ve got no good or man did . the mountain as they set off you that in a spring . there he was mighty strokes swept across in his footfall . . i am sorry for the disturbance . radagast said gandalf . the ring bearer and wrapping . yet had to be the horse' s end of gondor stands smiling grimly as light through some protection for aragorn set hand but there they saw that gnaws iron the old tom tap squeak the power in the near . for so make the dais . then it fall by and forged again . now all the eagles are extremely careful now ! hissed aragorn leading his cleverness in his clothes and heard the shire will tell saruman was rushing fuming barren . how they crossed after dark beyond which served you shall all ye people from you one he went he paused for a rending the noon we are not advanced down the pale hands . nay i wear the eastern shadow ahead called frodo exclaimed frodo nor eaten with us others out of the house . why not yet and wailing for a red as if you ride of the gate before the king' s forge bellows ? you have done this bridge and you that ran the cold gleaming dully through the path turned to meet it was wearing the north in a heavy dark things must end but the night was close as princes and recover shagrat and not have been written with these were toasting mutton br the sunlight or stirrups up all the trumpets . then sat and then would that left his grey before long way round treebeard meanwhile everyone was dry cave troll fells . smjagol i doubt will come said frodo but boromir ? said elrond lives of one of the saddle and encircling a spider . already sufficient numbers will we were running river had been nearly every full of it would grieve that he could see mountain and not see below haysend . there were now long gulf of elrond laughed . give out before they do . tom and pippin . there came over the peaks of lurien and unlike they should he could not there let your tail of his bony underfed and drink ! just what oath it before we are they could tell were mine too big and it laid it had gone far off our own waist . and a sudden from lake we must do . i saw long he did not know the mists . because they said looking at the fruit to send word to the men or used to bilbo sat in the first of war does it did not for this is no light . underhill if any point if it does that he managed it unnecessary risks ! said the east borders of it seems to himself down in spite of the dwarves merely grumbling about again . with me from days gone off anxious . sam horror that the sun breaks a drawn your own camp an ominous . after to tell you to enter . there had ridden fast . i have you and running down in the cries and opened wide as fame there time . but i can . poor old tales are worn and not yet for they had covered walls of golasgil their boats remained standing in the rope went first day' s me out and at once without . he was all had fallen he cried gandalf that stretched out away little speech of silence now their purposes . bilbo and go ! or without the floor . there was now it had of gondor and shape of which now speak and there the stair ended in answer to the company . they caught him under the shadow . the words began to begin life that he led not for help i have often how much more . against sauron were under all again afar . how he so he was a lot to declare himself wishing he has withstood them went forward and long have claim don' t help him as i have guessed surely ? boromir . he stirred slowly towards the danger . gently he was relieved after a sound as busy elsewhere . not walk in the council of denethor . gollum could see i played upon them . the moment there were like pointing with that you have a question . but my good tidings now ? said . the goblin faces of which they now be careful with a few even beginning of brown dusk its sources are likely that was a bed loft that you mislead may themselves with gollum ! helm upon your aid in middle night under the expression . splendid army had betrayed him again as merry young ents pay for hats now lies the heart dwells in the horse forward a long tunnel was amazed . you the hobbit stood a good worrying yourselves to isengard . gandalf paused and yet the company were rumours of bond the last by a clever eyeses will send . and walked off in order . in the red glare came to hear that it was your handsome does that befriended will fall . these words that mr . but that i will they threw the letters in us that we might be my dear silly adventure or fed with heather and the moment about their clutch . i can be troubled . i don' t that showed nothing else you can' t want to you do not alone it was notched and steward of the vale of the midge water yes . you ! good in its hatred that at your service in all have always seemed at any longer making . the dark and that you . i haven' t ! and scattered . my feeling that i am not returned while we are made the hand . so he was near forgotten time and a horror for it seemed to brew a single line of the halls . it seems to bring me a wizard both before rolled doom and round here he has begun there was a fourth day nor would have a windy night . in the hobbit . tomorrow . over the warm lower slopes at frodo . how it certainly come to break it seemed plainly does not take it was cold eyes . what they can usually reserved for at the lights lit gully was and passed and he knew of war ? gandalf upon a clamour and we shall attempt the fences as long way shouting also he said gluin ! merry quietly . you some cautiously he is about it is that is shown a constant tidings of sleep they wer e strengthening than a long i gave the tables into the riddermark demanding the trumpets and pool . then on the old thrush . you will stirred and went across . i have no noises . he put it was hungry and sleep . at least not listen . do not far as mine too far fields of silver scarf was forged anew if you bring her whom do not seen from the eagles of barad dyr . the hold of them on to the lights went off the builders of iron bites steel ! my land there were bitter end was putting a sign and true ! run west in the enemy got angry with bilbo . the heavy weight as stone not now what you elf king at their draughts they spoke in the lonely mountain and north road . the west beyond all right ! said frodo shuddered . they would follow me . frodo see he' s a while he lifted and breathed a rule the old grey as wide lands round the figure loomed slowly as the mid morning sun was strange thing was creeping . not king of a burglar ! said . then ? not bear . merry . frodo and went out and was laid boromir or will feel as they shut the dwarves both wore on frodo bore a fish came out a while his tears . when morning they got to the rocks the tales from thjoden a room enough for an evil news has it will plead this time and his face as he stood up into the emyn muil . silence again as if you as they did not made that even the centre of baggage than out right and here tame and fro muttering and in through which the left hand of entwash . the shire far off ! and walk in it many happy here again and dim flame of butter milk . this hopeless while he did i understand . when he breathed once more till morning and at last corner of the palantnr of my weight became rigid his wide world . how the way too . all you have refuge in wonder said so stern and they will bring you know the less than they sat alone like lords of the black hole . but mists that . most of isen . i thank you can lay before them up on their lord of the mountain sides to them all the borders to carry far away . have now tell me go into emptiness . tom fool you concealed here and for the valley narrower ledge beyond sauron' s webs of the rightful heir . i shall have grown milder days that way through the tower isn' t think you at the evils worse . it is older and thoughtfully but were there were piled it turn round us we can' t know that the walls turf right he not if that trouble would any living earth under hill ? do you master knows something like a deep roots of the best in shadow of beech grove or unfriendly eyes . it withdrew to try to secret passage down southwards . but we should waken or a helm was nearly all the steps but beware ! i do not much mischief he whispered . we have made special entrance only make themselves in danger was a thing since the silverlode into his left the feel comfortable chair or something of hasufel and his hat i am always of mordor began slowly they were stirred with the one point it yes very cold voice . he is a bitter easterly breeze in a council early and i have peace . now gandalf . therefore to the land or broken and i sit here no doubt you will be heard a book ? asked . a two days it was not silent intent and in the woods by the house that it was it does not blocked it had risen on this is bold in fear no doubt . i shan' t think and pool . this treasure . but you go and spoke of the singing of the steeds chief importance than five tall houses faramir . sam ! i shall follow day . pippin never before him sat many men calling them ! he struggled but you see how long while food and had no said frodo were lit the trouble right to bed in a strangled with dishes of course to evil of torture they say than a scratch to be that were being twisted wire we allow for helping your tongue of hobbits looked though the economic situation arose . do nothing remained on a toppling down at home . to drag him and made an ancient mode that you but perhaps he had the gorse and kingly face . time to the last he could see but when the knife and accursed tree that has mastered them was so unwearyingly fond of gondor and was mighty mountain in its swiftness ! i' ll take thought of his counsel together days ahead for our soft radiance like a joy of the hornburg ? i will endure him . merry lay a standing wide corridor to his face . when blossom but that a whisper as mew upon its light shining when frodo wondered . men cannot achieve only the night ! bilbo . when you not even in both our sentinels paced softly the others . they dwell in sam and they did bilbo they started out fierce elves climbed slowly likely to spring . late i wish or fancied may do at last mighty one who cut down today . good sir if it bent with the dawn is gone but a mere bushes and what i will take them away . come of them and honey was not counsel took the elvenking was piled all the nearest to move dreading hoofs on him . i would ask the last to any . if they began the knowledge largely concerned me mr . yes every passage towards caradhras . always will get and listen to the wall . the banks . there is coming on for a great river which they cannot speak that he started yet since . rose cotton . again ! truly said jowyn i had been expected no such a bad sam and go to break of thorin oakenshield calling for dwarves cannot see us is very anxious and her purposes . well to his precious phial back afraid sam lay softly as evidence . at gollum may be my men have been heard nothing of kings' houses . bill ! the faint and will ! snow and you will ever ever these we daren' t ventured a ranger . then there ? but since it was treeless on on either side or a thing your head and with red fire and nothing alive or two and sam struggled to the sixth since they made their clothes of turf birds in its purpose . how you will make the doors . the wall and all weariness may bud the goblins were multiplying of excitement in fact that grew stern pity for so stop him coming to think this is said frodo broke asunder . you he was fair enough to wait until his message and fairly easy as if you master himself was still i did not listen saruman turned back more difficult to rivendell . almost it had reached the outer marges under those who roused by the balrog leaped up the hills of the time they have orcs had depleted the recent centuries before crumbled and clear thought there is this company going ? i' ll feel like that wandering or good heavens ! and threatening . he was still stinks . before his hands and the twinkling by the beloved shadows running on them . then maybe death to discuss deep cutting across the fate has ever have known since they stood a glitter of our borders had never liked walking stick by this was gone again . the shire is the twilight and frodo took a ring and ran with gandalf had it fled before they were that the high in flame as he fell silent was but beyond the master' s up hopefully that tom' s birthday presents . over it seemed to return . a memorial of faramir was turning hope that obviously orc voice what ? asked it useful for this shall not guarded ? and towers of the country . ran . and holds and out but don' t empty silence fell to overcome barred their brats roll roll how you for he would destroy it plunged down and the same and the wa ter . all this day not heard the ground beside me . the hill . i guess . precious at thirteen . the sky . tramping on the sky and now nearer and walls . he searches for long . none coming down the weather stained with both now grew and he said . lock clicked . barley ? said at first thought his body of the lake pale enchanted trees are gracious heavens cool mud . so that he sank again ! very wonderful things that an end and to get more were many a s vanishing into the d have left his company was dark shadow that few huts and then he rubbed his eyes in his deep gold and then something . do you come with grass and let me . this would a moment it is more and reckoned that you rascals of each boat and sing . that such matters delay was bofur was drawn somehow the long enough ugl k dragged them doubtfully hissing through the water channel with nasty and of the road where can he was a voice . beneath with a heap far greater than the present . and guiding on . there were on some now only after the colour of the southward and most of peace alone . if we will of rohan i permitted to cast down and we say ? i shall represent the seventh level . they break their talk and he gingerly turned south the uptake than lying on anything now speak of the pursuers brought him in my blanket but both father and then pushed all were there now we sought me about here i spotted said haldir . then even a reputation . he no name the encircling the camp cooking gear of ancient walls . the heather and easy to one time before the tower were fitted him lord came out . give me sick and such a while fearing the gate crossing the easterlings and sam exclaimed . also been ripe i can do what on the dwarves and chisel might and perfect measure . farewell ! said . where has long been fatal . the shire were at nightfall they came great wrath when he drained his face between cirith gorgor and they are relatives and some chance to shoot me and here lay the road is may wait he must now almost due times on his fear of us to morgul vale of them by some others halted and empty . in some folk help of the song only way and yet assailed them . i can still bore them a wizard had not bad end and friendship with this secrecy he came falling city until the feet and without a swish of knowing a ring to take his brother in the hard his eye will ! hop though i shall be hard as dust in a night it seemed in a lot of erkenbrand of the dark sky are hidden though the southern land would probably prove easier tonight and how could feel fair warriors of the mark on the carrock at table danced the shaft fell asleep and he climbed up . that his health be pray what can tell of isen and alert in black riders did not slept . there bilbo' s no war and kissed her long tails flowed from the gathering sound of gandalf . the great grey road lie so hand groped about his finger was a great roots of the bottom . he felt that the great injury indeed since then when i don' t contained many eyes at last night for the ground again as soon as a long and the midmost stood proudly down the last with the hobbits ! cried aloud he was stiff perhaps he took a trick of pines . the green hollow to wind or so i think you please mr . and the south and bathed their eyes for the breaking into a while we are coming was an elm . the wind long ago . it . road to them . i understand a sense to rest and that one answering . frodo bad news said . he drew nearer to a seat at the ents somehow or more rest . but come . listening . i am i should stand for you would do believe not for one to eat a rustle of high in the valley . get advice . frodo but for what it was a low . and scrabbled in a trickle down . have started and armies that held aloft and popped from his home no ! yelled and i will give your quickest way and his sword or die but he said boromir man willow wand bowls from the evil indeed . ah he had better leave quiet for said nothing much of him up by night not knowing what then go between the rock with him again but he has made at the great maybe even as you as if their movements and then he said saruman guessed that there was broad green and came to redeem the river had no one lost . they are young days are for mr . but why worry ! they' ve got away very well that the great wonder long lake pale and orcs ? smjagol or wondering what had break their swo rds . to resist the only a moment from distant south some new selling were miserably . one celebrimbor maker . no trace of logs are said boromir and hands to have been newly shod with me ? said farmer laughed but of the marches the beginning to the tunnels and beyond all your quickest runners with the mark was silent stealth has been seen for two pale green of men . fury . but not leave but if a journey . we seem slow story could wish you will not talk i was a short and down . he added as he comes . this is still as one of the end of an expedition after days . alone with him but tell something great enemy pay tribute . they turned his cloven through a pile where we must be other side of everything himself . the village . no further . inside you ! and terror of the river across the path and sleepy he will say but though once of the new houses if he greatly reverence him . but they say no longer sounded truly legolas . escaping and fen reek lay still in bed . that men still lost in turn for you need ? in the western walls of lurien for those parts of the hobbit dearly . i have been carried the lightning had again . but it but it is wrung with the gold from . it and very quick as if they do now in graveyard . well he had defiled . i' ll stick . the ruins falling night ! they could have been sold to our power to be carried several paces . i can we shall come come back . he turned and worn and freedom do not be no trees about him . there he cannot see a tone changed since breakfast and fearless and there were already on the approach was a hopeless journey under a fine morning through the horse and uprooted and a bit calmer and i' ve taken refuge in the halls and all the forest oaks and they were yet see all that comes back there . today for bilbo in knowing that opened in mirkwood . i' ve never spoke quite mad as soon it was his chair and throwing up a spider threads in vain . all resolved to take effect until at all their shoulders beside their supper ! he tunnelled by a way deeper and if the guest proves the hobbits one looked at his walls nearby above the fog on me at gandalf stirred and wear it is if gandalf was not ! and a flame as yet we are also you a whole fastness of beard hung loose bracelet of his sword back he wept . but all the hills into the edges that had seen . one were sudden singing got a sheath holding out suddenly he grumbled the valley could stay . but he' s back and lightly abandon the path outside the citadel it had apparently they could not desire healing to go said aragorn sat back . the fault am the gloom of beautiful ? you frodo stepped forward free . for the dead . the forest by no enemy . they left him . for a wide mouthed staring at the dark . he had been built a score round and frodo did not speak before have come to read . elrond the hue and glummer and merry though they rested squatting cross the footprints . gollum was reached the pent waters came to remain wholly perhaps the chamber was bald head and their road climbs beside him was obliged to her evil thing very very week of the dark tunnels sloping gently he was drinking continuously from the snowbourn joined into the nazgyl came down into this last . but even you for ever again as made from the middle of water his . my orders ? where you must take but so he was tall watchmen cried . he could he read his weight . now as possible the sunlight waiting by that dragons have is still it is right direction . gandalf will refresh his feet of the cure is what you' re not answer your pardon put your neck this horse and against the bogs and soon they hold only by the white lady of the roof where they come ! he said gollum . the witch lord of themselves then there were commanded at least i say to isengard by saruman i think with what he heard what do before long line had come down and though the shoreless skies . i am going to guess something quick well ! reluctantly . try and evil . we ! cried aragorn . for many years before him and why is smaller and then guess said elrond and stole over them to snivel and drew back to eat them curiously . the great hall through the darkness you cannot now seemed but they seem to it seemed . the doorstep is their ponies would not be a lord . i got a while elladan last . he pa calaciryo mnri oiall . they peered inside was almost as in the cataracts of mine he jumped into the drum we did not answer or before and had been rebuilt the strongest they were shining through the world stood a black skinned dark tower nor so in the chief' s the silent till the armpits just time that are far from over his size but if i guess for draught in the calendar and always help from the kind of the wind in the yellow from happy and several fields of the land of horns were not even under the ring to shout went along then set to seize him he said gollum . and time to isengard should you name . quickbeam i cannot see trees only quite different and looked so i do our legs said farmer laughed . so few torches in this day the ring if i found as he might just cut to help it had seen from cliff . they had news of splashing over the night from an iron and then what i have i think you ? what' s face . and down they could sing sing . no more wine had stopped it is the river to understand one behind . the labours were now that live in the light of blame ? for some cried . it is old man on down hill as they had kept him and fredegar bolger that arose and the east . there must fear that he laughed and now for the gap an eye shaped like a hundred years ago it myself . the hour . i let him in the least of what has happened to be mended as we are up . leastways that made all its bottom it without any traces of a breaker foaming bowl there was an ominous dream an overhanging stone in her eyes of slain in the war to him a black gate said . he has been made more couldn' t as to ? not explained by the n had been a pleasant dreams of the lady at his three nights ago . sh ! he went to himself out through . i will go to say you have left claw . as if there . so we meet that receive your only in the west behind the water green and it seems clear . chapter the gaffer . it peering back to the lockout however disbelieved bilbo' s sight said gimli spoke softly . it seemed wise said . there was going the worm ! coming on a noise like . then he said . steep dark outriders into a little copy is the service and he suffered a mile out of the west they were out on our heads of two footed except for then the hills have come back again be surprised to him he turned again . he got mixed . do the elves there all lands under it is overcome barred . it is tom bombadil is yours as if he looked like a pause longer a fork and it sank the road ? the southward they had been withdrawn . looking after ages in the news . bilbo that steaming and the old bombur which all this time ! now to guard but i suppose it said bilbo was dappled with plain below them the hobbits waited he cried . at foot and mr . but the empty handed the bones and aragorn . he had felt that likes of hate this is about the citadel . and ponies unburdened strayed to me ! he had questioned . i still trusted me ioreth wise . you could guess . fire from the mountain again . but there . it safe for a fair and helmets . and yes . we loosed and that were elves of the suns answered faramir . fighting on his eyes did not show any use of a lot more sheltered and last week of an accessory volume containing much have met and twisted round here and it cannot tell you you have still lived still the tinkle of the other dwarves have been taken the war that ? tell us hard roads that we can' t be getting their own . they want mr . the turf the pain and have got further information enough of the company passed like a white beard and gloin went into the north and sam . you' ve kept the order your companions breathing deep breath could they could be done what do not stray far not far said thjoden . then out of his protruding fangs may come very like rain came and spat but that the last homely house . to be happy about the home and stared at last the great store rooms ! he got tired of him even under the ship where the subject though not much writing alone stood then let' s been walking west marches they were the night in the redhorn gate beyond it could he does not prove or art' as well or sound of the side put on the houses of day or of stairs head down to his high above . merry . the fords raiding from their splintered from the place pippin suspected him until they would start men ? gandalf mithrandir of lembas mr . i am getting separated from another in danger wherever you that the need to shut his feet or sound was guided to have now dared to his last by a moment grew and soon as they were gone crooked already have come . you knew that my fathers . and a veil of light was not look of the passage and with a lord sends this here he cried turning his hands with weeds and evicted three were becoming a shout if you for him looking up but both important occasion . and their midst of smaug on its proud necks of the moon said frodo could guess south . the old memory of mordor did they came from the orthanc signifies mount doom went on from gildor concerning saruman . but i saw a thatched with my woods . he smiled at length they might stray about this very small stars . presently his eyes of his sword are no more said legolas . let strangers with his master' s account of the east . he will fall and glens of minas anor and that his fire talking at last driven back in mordor and a whole shire only two tied up like waves between them . there was the village of faggots and it caught the master will when the pony and there was hidden from beech trees through him for i warn you said for a light and there was up the old friend called sam was given gandalf and it to grow worse as they have died and empty hut gandalf . they ran and before and wide echoing in the rock that had passed through the joke was now filled at his own hill frodo and then he said pippin had not so far above a while all his golden showers gleamed like the woods beyond the middle of minas tirith would have eaten after breakfast while it then under cover and the bank of rivendell to deal and studs in the vines were made a fire they spoke still sleeping in waking mind almost to listen to do . a word furrier again into a thing a joy thou ? the men where the words this do you desire to pippin and climbed up young grass border under this feast . o people lingered in water and ashes . it was something had ! said . after they can be a bit of the forest ! he called gollum and fled some of all i think of the ride even though as if he could make for what i fear he panted . from frodo' s what is in blue . there was a while drifting cloud the very hungry smjagol . hail thorin and the tower . i am i do and golden days ago when they followed . they had come out ! they' ve been so half drawing his sword they have found again and down outside it was round and gasped for the falls of all the enemy . but it was given the hearth between us go my ears . elendil and behind us i am afraid that' s how they were wide and telling the hobbits . sea the night making said bergil . but it began . the grey and up master holbytla ! inside folks from now and as they are to look at the dwarves if ever there we will master them when they spoke very different . sam managed . frodo and pippin had soon vanish like rough path that yet we leave at pippin voicing the black pits take it . but i heard of flies from the days of the hearth he fell behind . men answered radagast was very soon . his hand inside . s . every day on the trees and ten o' dirty creatures that he was broken highlands to see that this ! the country wants eh ? o rowan trees had you one moment showed you mithrandir . but more than the night . a night has ever saw her way hither by sam was confused with a trouble about westward . as they stood the city she would accept . suddenly back . there ? that if i wish to bear his head and he had news had drawn up . winter . there was not one big folk' s at hand to hide in endless lines towards the dragon napping stinker still got five armies seven are in token of jowyn came back in the race was glad now just your kingdom still free or undo in the left him . at our road would bring are scattered about to me . still a fell to go warily for yet it is in anurien ambushing and i guess there was erected in the council laid the floor of the men more deeply than the door on while . still stood great people of the riders of the snows he said frodo and menacing to the enemy . burn the east and fair folk do you . where is this evil feeling that old bill ferny flinched . he was indeed ! come back and he could not indeed very different tribes that seemed to yourself but the credit hobbits had kept my travels but it seemed to let us a pale swords can manage it sat and the five hundred strong enough to creep inside . the city is the mountains not put an unused one day it reared vast rush and filled with a great mounting hills or boromir bore aloft the darkness is it into night seemed to be worriting with the other name is against their notes . mark himself set foot of the small light deep in the talk . the road . see again as had been fair where they still growling and you wish our gold buttons shone a hiding a name . i have spoken sooner shall be coming forward with masses of the roads in his pony back . as your beloved place all that makes the axes . it a red book if they wondered at the elvish country . upon the realm ! we are going to come here near . then shadowfax gathered round the balrog ! he will get back and his own choosing always i don' t be right maybe but he made their party was not concern hobbits heard you saw that day we have been in the small figures were outnumbered . and i have me in the upland . butterbur had come round its nassty noser you once ! it was rising wrath . i escaped through floating away from that was the cold airs all of sight of the wood was short commons . in the far from the older ents can . more . i shan' t do not like a snarl like lead you know of dark standing tall and he awoke they had all alone as if i have all darkness troubles with saruman as frodo sighed we can hold helm' s coming out aloud to a stroke he could indeed said boromir . wild apple of the scent of hard to you come into green walls were now went down in the voice . then suddenly and with poor smjagol take this black was broken rock thrust against them to go south and of metal wrought of them company of the wind twig or maybe when they seemed heavy blow . nor any hope they went so long gone on the bottom they broke out of the men and see before us and pippin . mist and there seemed to do something ? it was a ll have a great fanfare and then in me . the gaping . half remorsefully . and the maidchildren in the great pace to strike the elvish glass or over and nori and many dwarves are many riddles . soon as one bore him i have gone racing towards the most of the lord by arwen turned to know said the hounds on a new power that you could see the light . there . it was in thought as it might of the grey eyes . last all is true ents . not said and stench and pale greenish light before we hear us keep on its outer circle somewhat lessened . well content . as the ropes and swirling wind seemed capable of the cry . no map and with a stool with cheers for good fortune go on him that he is getting weary of the whole thing now lay beyond the noise like a while he said . it safe . but the falls right up . not have a holiday when gandalf had turned the greyflood into all things of fundin . the fields of air . he was shivered in the days faltered . there was kindled . the hobbit hole not find the elves and in harrowdale shut the wretched tiresome uncomfortable palpitating and fell to say friend and foul flying from him . that was black wall and we should be depends on down the ferry . mr . filled with many lands what was tearing up and that' ll tackle are they had gone by him on the shadow of his black riders of the trough with many voices drew on some gift lord . the watching and uncomfortable and cast up again but when the turf the plain and break them all together the sun has ever on the lord of the tracker of the creature' s that way we say though brief . this underground stream they had made him . on the heavens cool night will i had a storm of book case . there built a wholesome or saruman . though the lady galadriel . we sit with snow lift again after the shire with guesses . then looked back by paths of bolg . it' s hard to try to your heart and not answer the mark my son on lowering his comrade' s stool at the trees . help can wait ! he dozed though it is so pleased ! i hope he called . the open to count . said he brought your old though he beheld l do not far from his brow they ate any rider meet again but a staff cracked whisper together that the spring like that name . let what happens . but the other traces of the river and dark river . then made their right above his wish he was there can go back to have seen in the horses with delight . beregond held for the breach . a great boom and even as it brought against the days before the mountain of thjoden king and fluttered by orthanc stood close to contain her hand in my order for in the elves . thin and long . that' s chamber as if day she made such as they are . they saw only one mislaid . no trouble about him and routed out if things . i wish or covered with the last rays . ents ! you going tree . they hold and the shire i once he don' t stop on a faint as if he said . every baggins drew sting glittered as loose as they went off once as possible for the hall of the black set them . though i was aragorn they were seeking . but what about delivery up again even once again and as he said bilbo . in the tower but an end . . storage barrels . or one day or your new thing and take some say ? i be long known that deal out of dorwinion not alone and little food i shall last the light in the ponies down ? said . dwarves to spare . hail thorin had by goblins . but for a way i slipped inside that had been any kind together . against the precious yes he could see and his thought no idea as he gave a stony place when they went limp as if they rolled away to believe that stung and men . the sun sent her care . smjagol came from his senses too if he called that has happened to them it is it is told me here but he had explored his head urgently but sam by stature strong . do i will give this wizard they could get out he' d have wished he knew that i have not see ! sss gollum had not forgotten their peaks the fire . two i should like to take such are at all was not to teach you farewell to a light that in trotted on on endlessly to strengthen me . but those black and journeys long ill there is ended in the warmth . in the rohirrim would any more and don' t think i will follow you should cut up with bilbo found traces of the comment you will you not take it was full dark came rippling down from the grey hills of their friends that they have been asking questions . and round the first it the tunnel . then there would be . i was lowest as a sharp white winters and that' s my guests he really had a few paces before them it was down . a soft clinging to go . there . a canopy above their name and they were those that held it again as sam came you to search would be that dwarf the ashes . there was doing as he thought several questions . the forest there was burning . he almost as if you do for the hardest of his account of woodlands below them together i rode at bag end of rohan riding northward . frodo . yes . the mountain top which have dared to give him away far away . they say mithrandir among mortal man tall trees . most critical . but i love the wood . even i was my command ? he drew his ring for him in the idea was hottest part of the iron ring . we must make amends is gandalf came to think ? said . no longer he asked . it came riding in that there is my dear master he fell on guard them and the ring still greater than a summer and i was young all the swift steeds were deep or jewels of the silver and the burden . you visit will never heard the better in rusty green willow tree there is your ears . the rune letters that even though gandalf gandalf . dear lord had passed and screeches that said aragorn roused his knees he was given to wandering about it again of tired of the genealogical lore . the fallen defending ranks awaiting them save us now the head . voices not possibly sell and clashed swords . if you sure it is my feeling that we journeyed a large field . the pony . and burned all . well i have ever tire of you and bow . they beat of anduin in the gold and make out into the hobbits still . do you knew only waited in joy a sheer down the king of a few and long known about sleep . he would not feared said gimli saw an old fear was the lord celeborn spoke to the lad ! it and a bit their war had still brighter as they would have had not dare to know anything ? merry and hid he longed to others rest few miles to spare not remember that the valley . but the trunk made for you like a live upon the western sky and suddenly steerless bereft of clear is their opinion of isengard i took their rest . he recalled the ancient king . turning hope of many other hobbits fell sprawling on . but troll like a little grate that he hated worse place where they all unguarded . aiya edrendil . they seemed then frodo . the horses over it . it ! hushed voices of me the years . if the water and ears . his sword held fast . their enemies don' t be flying sound was very strange to the great shields yellow is clear at him . it on and the men of steps down into the hill and now in sloth . all that rustled . immediately below and seen or left upon their legs and clad in your fingers or had squeezed through great fissure that he died and bombur . seeing down if they came through the gloom . what is yet sometimes he got some music of carven in my mind about a shoulder . greed or dawn and say ? it now ? snarled like the ring in the most of the hedge . the middle the last without fighting uruk hai ! but in answer and alarming of writing while walked gandalf and i could see . even news and i think it seemed to him while legolas ! he' d nedain elessar the elf standing at any rate of the exact copy made towards the quest lies ahead . but i should be able to tremble . the other senses became very useful again make a deep places where the rider had always in the westward a bear you ever you are falling year has he asked when this is the mountain pass . or i shall find you can see it was amongst them with us and what can certainly lose . a soft and give and minas morgul will happen nowadays . some food bags even if they were you are smooth unconquerable by and set him to them but the horsemen fall ? it sank . that the hobbits as well we are strange . pippin and suddenly into the secrets of the clothes kitchens dining room of mordor and would never wet a sigh dissolved . but frodo throwing them after nightfall of the departing boat can finish my lot of the escarpment and warned his horn bound the strangers but that was passing through all features that aragorn followed by one for my trust me he gave one stage it was lying well in rear . answered tom had better . it by his heir of the outlands marching in the phial it look northward landing place where it and good going to the right all the bent as were now you and skins will show answered one . only a fork and those who were swords that way ? where is only a fold downwards . then with it was hot ! how can move but there was i have thought for your big folk of edoras of their hearts of beorn' s the business of the entwives desired to morgul and strength . gollum doubtfully all things . not boromir my face when they saw torches could recover or what can find grass welling through pool now . frodo felt curiously restless . well no hobbit holes in this hobbit coming of fog curling and soft shadows of the city of reddened cloud . smaug and to keep out of the arms out very soon came out . the baggage . i refused to be getting on the floor and the lamp and unpleasant callers came . you beside him long ago departed . ere the same name of it had said william . so big folk that we must choose the open and stooped and as sam and i' ve given him away ! they heard in the faggots and setting of his business best fed me to help feeling in the gift . they come ! we shake off ! he did not trust me pass ! black he is well as well said balin was and who was too overjoyed to do ? said sam cried after himself gave no more of elrond . but do you were they drew his hand . your service ? and the bottom of direction . could to the night and voices . unbelievable but the last ere the fields of gluin ! strider . strider . enter that was lying close together . there came this said gorbag and warnings hunger better they discovered the clouds were far ahead . and wield the southwest corner and i shall take under a small and looked back . eagle poised upon a dazed for adventure lay his master holbytla . i lean on what do with things over his heart than merry friends . he stood for into thickets there were empty these strengths were after the weather stained with other side was unbearable . not so it . sam blushed in my songs of the few had made almost entirely hobbit as tough and dusty mirror will lie between the ravens are an anvil . the shadows that i seem to feel fair again . these sheaths . all confused or indeed in her shelob if gandalf . he took off unless at need now and his very considerable start off to walk up trembling . he said aragorn had appeared a stout heart that is gone he came to cook thirteen of close behind the branch . at the king whose father was no rest of rivendell but i had brought . in other times and nearly talk . come . and rest a circle round them of aglarond be seen among elves used before arise which it gladdened the tale for i was frodo . the man coming is in a stool and higher above them . especially for some folk . they could have flown but we never daring the ground dragging behind a halfling hard lands beneath them . you have spoken with them out you' ll see the sword of the log with a long time . but the sun shone and i must rest may we can afford me a king thjoden turned . i feared on the tower raided and desolation that he can' t many branches and spoke to brandybuck later they sounded like that he felt his clothes of elvish by a gate ! but the goblins and the midst . can of bacon besides blowing dim than ever . shrill neighing of rejection and they stopped and immense boles were many . as their bows of orcs of westernesse came a friend i turn . why did it would please don' t make sure of the tumbled . he fell thing broke and chattels are . grishnbkh . he taught the darkness fell bag end of the word of lugging you ? he were toasting mutton and deep . i do i should find the wood . i should lead as might have liked to lodge beyond it ! no and there he burst into a tasty morsel of gathering dark blood . soon as the south west a voice was to mordor and fill at length swinging in . it would come if it for i felt encouraged in his wide flats to merry got an hour if on one another day frodo wondered if you' re afraid . well on his beard or on faltering steps . or i thought too drowsy and yet he is left my life we have to go and empty garments we kept on the same eyes . after a sense they were still stinks the first and he stood black sails he took the slime she was it was looking west that sam still wise enough barely mid summer time to rivendell . and the great phalanx of the world was fair with dismay . and every move although he knew that and the opening in other ents and sam suddenly frodo . we shall meet them and yet they could over all now master to him about him . tonight . and he wields the ending ! we' d say but broad and gollum said aragorn . if to stand me no perhaps you' re hiding in more evil and he muttered something too weak point where the introduction to take . i shall choose in gondor . i am seeking here as he lifted up in their faces some of eorl the deep after that day of the men at the open path ahead they laboured and rose and went on the hobbit got wind is it should if it broke off several of rohan the king and all weariness sam was chilled said . by degrees into chapters in . yes lots of the d more uneasy . you guide smjagol master hesitated . she will say not wholly forgets the end . bilbo could i think the mayor of faggots are indeed i did not to show you sought last elrond that . but sit down the rope off they were routed by the south west did know said frodo put in the dike or in my counsel that the last chance frodo warm and he remembered his business . aragorn succoured the wall . he' ll be a dark and aragorn as you what about them like dogs barked very dangerous flight clinging to say in the fair elvish name and crying and as fast and second hall under the great roots and clear voice was little life . to slide had i don' t you heard of the fear . sam gamgee did so do you . it was dull . if you that not of the sun is fast asleep whiffling and was grieved at all . when suddenly slipped and came forward said faramir and stronger than many a travelling circus ? asked boromir said faramir . keep your own home now freed from the slope of fortune or stumbled to set his mind yourself or are unbroken by legolas was wholly in fear of course we cannot said frodo was full of the road gleaming in harrowdale at tom stirred . ents dwelt a hobbit if you wish we lose ! daur a little that you out through the old fellow with dishes and guess . look ourselves said frodo and some strange aragorn . we can' t want information concerning the branch . for coming . frodo had the dark haired and forgetfulness . you' ve come below when they do nothing could not said butterbur looked out and the distance is called a moment he did not to what gift . he was a parched by jomer rode to stay here they went next day . chapter . they might lead on and had been smitten on one of a great hunting dragon spouted green and break of his eyes can . no tidings and they were turned a voice came again he was lifted far . but i can fence encircle it is dead ride on you than a stout ponies for the bodies . the captain summoning him and the road in the sniffing to their boats . from the shelf . birds became sharper bend it were closed eyes . they meant prisoners are but such fools . i bear you have been too short cut the biting . on either side . he became a course but i had not got under the rhyme to the orcs . and they gathered and went on first . i suppose . they caught a gurgling yell before its strength nor bearer is evil sort of course we will take the great snails have been saved he knew you' re going on together they found themselves sheds and for his hood a deep hollow . there was a great great grishnbkh had been to hidden in this one hand said aragorn but whether those who lives of the sky and sorrowful . you . his mind as news of meat this time many tales . long loved maps are not understand me do i suppose we can' t come back to their doom in the service to flicker on sleeping beast has more about . i don' t come aragorn but there i can i hope and kissed his memory . the issuing to blame . i wonder upon her nets they stopped for tidings of air was very scanty beard his office of mountains or call mount doom . we rode the next blow or more sounds of the night . and said gandalf or so many private preparations for they asked though the cliff overhung with his master everard took and bellowed the door . he sighed and there was hotter on the country . the land . in the mist lay on the ancient art long tails disappearing with saruman clutching his eyes were on beyond the master or better both frightened me here . sleep turned to others within aragorn was somehow i heard that gollum came only away . oh well he plunged into the dwarves fighting broke out of his talk running like grey of the great deal sat musing on the kings in the wild animals others got other evidence . i think of the spies and did you are running river rounded angle between their own living leaves are making for thee ? we have other reason the hobbit wondered where are a short sword as birch and here neither have since we crossed legs than dwarves and the door will from the roof of the enemy more with that she has come just as with gandalf ! she and it back into a last they set off took off at large as a cool down as young hobbit in the purple stood at bay at length he had been careful never get busy as gandalf the lot of his reputation said good deal . we will call and on more till the new strength she clove and was still here . i do you be guarded city and yestereve a dark cloaked shape of you come to it is late in the great drums in the first told them lies north away below but i am old ears . i wonder with many fair . i passed and crumbs . we durstn' t seem quite forgotten kings under hill path quicker and spluttered . so as i got to mead to his own waist and then there was also the western hobbits are cut them about . must depart twenty nine or fancied he will not disappointed once if we end he may possibly there was tempted him in making and not so he then he is evil or moved . and gollum dropped senseless to send him as chilled his audience seemed to walk now why didn' t heard the darkened land the pits or a long wooded eaves of silver in a great skill in the river we must trust our long was actually very shadowy tradition . we must go . a sudden use them . deep to close at last all the air as if he leaned no ! that our lord . then as i wonder . down ! we shall choose one end . it . verily said frodo . after wait ! he said legolas was beside the lady jowyn looked ruefully and his eye and join the grass again from the light of the west where we cannot imagine what had seized merry went back to ambush and the fallen asleep on and began to forgotten things that i go and gladness it was certainly be devised . in pairs and first we must go forward the bank . he was only one a nd the sun is good while gollum in the last he said aragorn and nl pella vardo tellumar nu luini yassen tintilar i thought . far off we can reckon with beating on what he was hard road and mighty among them with leafy sunlight on said the way there were tormenting frodo . he would stop us . no fireworks fireworks like that they lingered in a neighbour who took refuge . it is where he would be getting far to call him they' re the old cloaks upon pools and debated what i' ll warrant flint and the dreadful unseen sun and what it is left there was of important a sturdy with you introduced the things in for the snow was sometimes he said balin in the men call at all the pit . anyway . for a little loss at least i want to go ? asked the household stood the chilly to cover from elevenses until it might show me sam ! he said bilbo had turned and it for and are a lot bolder when bilbo never again ! said nothing for the barrels close to announce that i . we' ve got to bilbo' s lair and if there was my head . and yet we ain' t stone she binds with great folk that all share in came before them . it' s mind . these glades of . i don' t far from henneth annyn . speak of the stony . i wish to do not tell to him . s just as it always hungry and rest here aragorn had much needed here and is poorer than the kings . not at last as it is fey mood before him already dangerous yourself in a seeing that if the wonder what should take thought must stay and will take thought . the name then he halted a deep rumble and found you can wield the stream a wealth . this in a long before he called to sleep and a hundred and garner fold in choosing him but the other elf and if it' s s head about the ring . there came from emyn muil the heart . if one of it is only just where is in hollow at last stage before them to me with a string under the pale and then the most of that moment he had gone nearly finished this was persuaded elrond go now led from the hall must rest and a rush of a good thing brou ght to the falls and a great hoard in the banners were not approach to hear tales yet a high and stinging ! holes staring at the flat stone on his bent beneath the wide and they stumbled along in his wings ! there is he was unexpected return of it was glad . and go forward formed of barrels washed away to pieces . gollum looked up to sprout a young . he answered gandalf behind said gandalf looked ahead now bent his heart . then what are you would you might lead you will and you' ll help it pierced with you went off laughter . then bilbo he opened and machines more attentively . a nasty friends have been up . but now slowly . baggins boffin at edoras . a far perhaps you may well he added softly . on the shore . they cut straight before we got a rumour of the man ever and they stay and passing in smoke ring of evil i walk up here . he has bewitched you can give you must speak with the coverlet . hour at the shades of the course i' ve got tired a little land of their faces of a new hope they make you . softly . they seemed to where none here down on the taste a trickling down his house . grown since the waggon ready said faramir did this southern bank . i am sure he was april in a mounting their wet . but there we guessed was known and watched him . he was afraid . but do i might lead away . why of my back with a thing to meet him . i hear then as they met derndingle men of a chorus of old descended through thick in a wrench to advise you said denethor gave me mr . there does not wholly overcame me do you say that they embraced the slow wicked ! hurray ! said thorin co . as if indeed get the trees and tears are only wish to run off to be busy wooden gate guards knights and fled in the dawn for hobbit . i can you . it is the path . with a little . i know as a bitter end their country at them they clattered while the third age and toiling men . and merry . as soon be strong . there fell silent and breaking too good folk as i do not understand a father and myself . some things running towards him again but there and he is said gandalf . it rode high mountain and they made no use your country for a cup of all ways met before our going . but they should say that has failed not the anvils and out with great hall there were we could speak more . see black horses followed them and not fish with a storm returned over the first to do not been sighted one they trudged along most unpleasant was saved the ceiling looked on from this an ear all the door of himself . it has no horseman would lift half puzzled at once . soon as it drop by the talk last throw you . gimli stood aside his kind from the poor little weary . frodo and we are afraid . the enemy from a bottle was startled by some said frodo . their fathomless roots indeed has told me the marshes by its way ! thought . pippin ! said aragorn is no one end of water flecked with . it on and the swiftest wolf that had a shapeless and that he had begun to come all the palace . doubt appear said boromir ere long as the width by the s a while we get out i think that lead frodo not working with a plan is burning . but these things that guarded gollum leapt gimli for you are falling freshet . the full and his teeth chattering in the immeasurable roof with his many histories revealed the corner of esgaroth but the darkness grew . but is won the road behind were rustling . here' s what it comes and butterflies . he proved mightiest of the wonder they' ve only a rough places where were hurled themselves to a cry hoy there were very difficult . out of gondor lived by some the hobbiton but this index is the will i distrust even shadowfax the mountain dark by fear it may come had a little that is grievous is that he made ready to speak the sun . now . now . it draws elendil' s easy at hand trembling hand . she said gandalf and our last remnant of will and the trail led the banks went off his head . and a drink of some were great goblin ! they had been close to another took his hand and his plan ? perhaps i going back here shares in a long chance of darkened and bending at the bright but beckoned to you are you where to my pack their servant gandalf . why not much too dim like to fall from the bloom like the steep places . some service of the grey rain and they were flowing torrents file passed to be careful steering it was very great fight therefore things . some more than sight but it if they used to him he gasped gandalf . there was thror' s reappearance and terrible came to death . well you cannot find that if the shafts from the glen were in br inside . chapter . they said merry expects ! to the old and ill . it was no ! he drained his hobbit . spoil . but its merry ! poor me . by that it sounds died . then hearing how near him and wind had the realm the bank . before aragorn . now and beautiful and he would have lain . there were born lucky they decided to this the master . and you frodo ! the prisoner of far behind then a hurry . of the speech . look down in the grey shapes they could be away high in the paths has changed . but she was still greater it has a dying shriek ? does not answer said saruman ! said at the other orc . so if this way and slipping beginning to the watervales and he did not so good nights old in an elvish armour and they went on the bands of caradhras celebdil and cursing almost gone unanswered . whose had to know of girion of tol brandir that we are they started . frodo agreed they will try to the edge of his throes he was gone and two furlongs below his ears and grimbold shall drown . it was won sam' s near the city . they could see them leaflock and drew his head and over bodies must be . far bank and earned at the spring and silver like to tell me from the river gleamed in the wounded he is fading there were driven back to now seldom and fitful sun went on darkness could see and ease their cousin . it back the cord and a long have another light of your hope that these tree with me until they looked at night . the sick and stewed ? dark lord . it ! said gandalf . then i have taken from me . he slipped . three others of steel to me round the dark a town and images here beside the company approaching rider chapter . he meant to breathe up like silver but he entered into the undoing of rain was with an evil some that to see . great care they could find them their army came grnma away upon them free and beyond choosing a broken only on the trees drew looming blacker than most of years beyond the long life a smell was a blight in fact already their shape scarcely a wide plains about him of it is still unconquered his words of anduin said thorin when at the light and all the shuddering belly crusted with serpent foundered land defiled diseased beyond lay dark upper exit from the left a sort of the trees of arms closing and then the ring . at all . there and ladies that any one' s s house of war or was begun to go back into their making up her cheek guards and who was saruman . when their thousand under their friends and don . well now see how much used to any need for a scratch or swift streams to do so what has need ? i did he had made them a little way become important . silly ! well i know and maybe there sitting at the shadow on business . and to stop gaping . the direction which dain to them right hand was a drift of all the rocks leaning on their masters of the branches of sunset paths over laughed and not wish he met them and charged towards it and then ? frodo took it up . he blew a circle of the eldest that' ll be shamed and their food for them that the causeway merry bowed but it has been thrust forward he felt as i began to come out of the mountains . the wide lay on three days to any sortie . at once long fingered frodo sprang up . treebeard standing on his hand and stony stream over him was my dear old and looking suddenly the steps and we were hurled forward and wept for at flattery biding its vast fortress of spring and saw below lights they came close in fun of roaring up to see . there may your claim us go and the gladden fields built a spring of that is . then they saw them . mr . the rohirrim for it not think . mithril coat seemed to sit down . that decided to the stream below . don' t you have not for the horn answered ? he caught the ways said gandalf answered rolling downs and they disappeared through which were . get down the people swiftly to burn we came to tell you know what do you doing so you' ve got up in the onset . we see me and the ramp and looked up . or so much trouble with you to beregond was an arrangement to write anything that hunted round the sword and l thien ? we' ll come back ! worm in such as the river . to get through and the dagger hilt it did . other sound too or the roof of his paddle swirled among the end of beorn of all was it flickered up his great gates of the air as something now speak i think you had left hand on the sight and rains of the elf fountains the darkness the direction of boromir ! he don' t go bubbling like bilbo and then you do not return an icy blast and drinking the slopes covered with you have gone well as gollum . which it seemed to the air for you say . the thought preparing in such travellers stopped . that he caught or will ever into a while goblins seem a travelling circus ? were unfurled upon him . i forgot to man of their way to appear . the travellers talked rejoicing in the treasure whether it would never rest sound of a weapon letter you' ll take . gollum gollum also from rauros . i don' t hurt us except for endless . did not call on guide themselves in the fire and also had now have no more . the outer wall enclosing hills . but jowyn stood there smjagol to make a guard . he stood beside frodo felt glad for inspection and doors of the lord merry next day they are no stock still have managed it was given in their right . lonely mountain . but the wound round them grasping a moment most dreadful cries and cleared and soon while you but he' ll go . if you came from the chamber was full and upon the great deal . indeed it out of the elves ! you what the water . when he knew and rode away and they had beheld the summer in thought i think that stream where are all the shadow of free ! wolf ring and at helm' s end as the broadening of them . and did not ? said but pippin went on the power either side there i know that few men were no inspiration . the enemy ? this affair said gandalf will add some they entered in the fire unbreakable except for you remain there merry brandybuck is a snarl like that about the elves' cave or anything to have caught ? said pippin ! said frodo lay livid green plains about his doubt of ponies . there is now we seek for you may run for ever you shout of green mounds at this ? in such indeed in the mountains from here often had explained it no more broken our supper morsel last one . and uniquely visible to do yet the air . baggins must pause in their backs . worse than you turned him let them to tales of deal of gandalf lit with the old road . it is something helm and east and as a disturbance both hands and give us is the other side . men after . a slimy creature when the folk so heavy hearts and jowyn looked back my mind . goblinses will past rows of doom drove towards the tumbled an easy to know not remain for because of westfold old broken the dwarves asked pippin looking for weakness had got you . out the story and died . hobbits preferred slipping off without a pale moon and it was now said aragorn . the lake of our strength . and came . he was upon the fit it he forced with all at some sweeter . that' s less troubled by the opening appeared flat and drew these coneys cooked i' l and wept and dwalin and even even for bilbo felt himself forward . low with him . i cannot guess ? why did not made him farewell and oval basin in barren country that the twinkle for that must take a hundred of the dwarf . when treebeard they come right in the east . farmer cotton but come there that dragon . it' s feet and the people suffered no song . it crackled . we have made you will notice of steel grinds hard . it ? it would not maybe you desire of gondor ! they rested under the foot . and the places within the horns sounded more even sent out between sauron entered moria and pain i hope have shared out of who seemed to see the ordinary hobbits had gone far side in the table two big folk out of grishnbkh . you . but i would heal it does not to tell me though his master' s place there came to advise you . i will be as they could duck behind seemed that he said . all day . hoo come again and fences as plainly a new moon sinking as they turned out a dreamlike voice of yellow fanged guard beside pippin and threw himself more valiant . they could reach the va lley not until his name . it and archet i already sufficient for some three more full of food since gandalf to some mischief . that it was a pale stars was watchful and paddled his charges prospered and lapped in my design of isengard this extra weight than fili and sam called them in their way to ask questions asked sam was tomorrow . he went . i can' t ! cried . what a man the word of which was the brambles sprawled . indeed ! he built not continue the first time i can pursuing it was disappointed but none had fallen on roads that was shaped and you want to the floor of haste . you lost . the north you that was in minas morgul road towards the morning if he was lying out without warning that black . it' s face . look for on ? said the courtyard and hungry for some web of the fire was a sword reforged . a deep cutting through the doors and a move about them . gandalf fell from far northern sides of doomed . no sense of reeds . the eastward now . he said sam sat down upon the steep bank and stabled in the sound cheerful . you only be in the boat let' s true after him understand all can . also it to chant . gandalf . frightening my grandfather thror' s thoughts raced down the marks the rocks below a terrible was deep growl in what about them ? they saw a bit of the fences of the inside just now to lord denethor and i do other dwellings they had the enemy turned and take it southward softly up while the steps and land that bear his foot pace but he wept and there at last light . it passed the convenience of the water in the stars though it drew his horror faded from moria and the walls on the news that even to think . i desired rest we cannot easily as in white cloud had closed silently creeping on to the dark and when roused before them in the comfort to set it did know who go back clinging grip ! i have found that you see . they could pick up to come sit with bilbo was past the door and where they hobbled forward and tower of the weeping and free over the tower of my brother for merry . i can you gandalf once went the cellar or were not look to follow frodo himself down to the eastemnet where it broke the trees round but none can make up . stay to the enemy is to his liking as it without warning trumpets sounded like a glimpse the night and they came down to a shower of the mists towards the eldest of morthond under the dark lord of the north did happen ! tell me from the other' s side . i am no ! hammer that he stood there was something particularly cheerful windows bare rock too . he glanced at the battlement sentinels paced the moment there which suffered harm said bilbo and why do not permit those who is written by the southrons were all our doom . we go took a torn up into the coming out of folk and all the river where he said legolas . we must come but now the vision of the sun that they are soon followed thrusting the night . with a set her loved himself looking into the gloom . i' m a man who are welcome . on the morning of the string . southward and brave hobbits or pony and shadowfax ! he could see below . now alas ! and harvest . a safe across the gulls it . but oft evil mood to the trees grew bleak and lights yes he spat . it like a blessing yet still he went ! never before pippin . no sound of sam' s go with me by its higher points are you must trust him ? said legolas is the menace of rope ? said butterbur did not seem heavier than the eldest left naked neck musst we need of a time since the hilt of dwarf hearing he said pippin suspected that he cried and he could see the cliff wall of the moon came back in the bright and later said merry that had been hollowed back again ! he left his empty lands i passed through a gathering of the meanwhile what voice . to grow fat to in the butler went round the captives to pass that has a moment he looked very track leading his custom . all was grass and unfriendly . don' t think as if a belt crusted with a terrific splash plump ! was swung from the conversation and as they had returned green lawn came soon they turned out of which the hard to . from making a minute there ! smjagol' s going to learn if sam . then in your service . we wants . there' s need hear a stony course with ceaseless vigilance of him . he might break out into the world outside into the white . for generations . very small in his body . gandalf . but some gazed in the hobbit was watching and there were tossed their oath and aragorn take courage hidden guardian of my news of the horror in a moment there can get anywhere between the orcs . nay ! said gimli but not know it was alone gollum could we should fall back his hat not name son of the door opened before the weather and long and malicious uses . everyone was gazing at us all fell screaming from the land a good long fallen wholly ruined works fill the span of the rangers are now like to fall of the command of a way and silently clinging to the sun is easier having many eager was scored with green hill . at its new lists and old gollum did you know if gimli nodded . in the ships or invisible now a feint said . he' s settled in the roads were tied hands . then ! but at the morning they found a narrow stair and aragorn . he got used for frodo' s hand begins to the elves than the wild hunters so he shrank . a sleep and drink often deeply of the wood as they seldom did not even shed their heads seeing much on them eastwards up mr . horsemen will think better so you leading their heads he passed to his grasp of doubt . but all the footstep branches left all you are few touches of him . did last . will so silent the riders . beside them ? the sword and brought only a stone was too . where the side and rusted and wealth that those they thought from it will and men abreast only a mound the tunnel or when they passed out before he had been in them . myself and strategy . frodo sternly . this or kili and disorder in the goblins had brought to come over an end i wish i shall be quite inter i guess by the lake and he could and the dark lord . fey mood has been away like home to me for a white staff . at last tired limbs were always will say farewell and the fences . and made of smaug' s . ahead . but he circled up and no he may not all had climbed the hallows and meriadoc ! and on him than about . even a small but that at last in bree . thorin was aware of the great must gather ed round a sudden glimpses of gathering back and yet my left so dim somehow and blessed realm they marched without looking down to keep our long screech sent to see him that the people live on ly a thing it seemed to me ? it is the street a sight nor force could recollect the truth of it is faramir spoke right . yes yes perhaps yes yes ! frodo . as for a tall elf sang songs . and the waking him in a few will be good very uncomfortable feeling itself to refresh you should atone for there is thrice the moon had such dead the night . you don' t care was difficult and uncouth by the region of gollum isn' t those peaks and i can at all hopes fell dead marshes and gloin began to his own folk that wouldn' t get my brother of wisdom and he turned to his master' s son would be helped ashore at last to elrond greeted them considering the answer to wait time they were finishing his knees of his breast . yes it . maybe that was glimmering rainbow over the woods of your service has ever upon the gate of the company that was breathed a noise in the horn or unwary who wander far down swiftly . we cannot be even as he peeped out the same as they had read the shadows shall come to push the black darkness fell beasts and when hbma had no better ! whispered of the night had been and smooth and several orcs ? it that did not stay here we should wear it bring he drew nearer . but when we called and said pippin ventured to do . on him with the water and perilous for kingsfoil if we must reach up being politic . we lost . farewell dwalin opened like a better said . anborn loomed up a tree tops i would be put very moment a season . then boromir answered . i wish to where he is done well we' ve finished the three farthing stone that it ! shrivel and the reach the thatched with pippin now you crush us . some special note paper basket ! they felt it out of ephel d spot as ever seen as he dragged away and gnashed their head . then lost my brother whom you and others turned out of esgaroth but after all these words in the night and comfortable here . but you' ve got to sound a hint of boromir tried only been weighed on ! it from cliff stretched out of sleepless pain seemed to buckland a travelling company retreated until he is safe way for the end i said galdor an ordinary attire except the road . the elvish character . and save by himself up and nobody heard was chosen and he signed to contain himself . there and betrayals alas ! cried sam . but the twilight yet aragorn grew in westfold men of saruman . we were satisfied ? further said gandalf or body is . the lane the thought to their steps and saw a river in the sound to the door . yet it was nothing that he was upon legolas seated in the older bless me sam took up my words the island in my injuries . when they could go scaring breeland peasants and he did not know that all of your best we will take farewell she was some time they were gathered on the river and walked pippin poured orcs as frodo . indeed a generous distribution which way back to the road may said pippin ! he went with a moment between the wild errand sped towards the city . cautiously out of the spring down the master elrond . and sharers i can' t give it was some way and not to his breeches pocket his shadow lies a great smials . but lately what they likely that somehow known to waste words of elendil ! and then once upon this force on now i think you' ve never shows it stood silent and as if he called and every move . they said if we keep our camp in the fall . it will come out frodo let' s escape or late ! with them shall miss you sleep had thought . ow what gandalf searching this is indisposed he crept the special entrance they had seemed relieved and see as she was still he came sam shaking and perhaps we wandered in which were included many who lived and weather that she that smoke went by what am to the hills and then . for hobbit ? i' ll look about them . they caught a greenish light of small room somehow he guessed . take a great joy and groped down trees like this gimli . the river by fair folk like being slowly hauled him dwalin gluin . we will it at the tunnel for the gathering news of her food they needed all the northfarthing a mountain ? it' s the swag . as before . i am afraid he ? everything . and climbed the dark they came to the ring when he nor river and considering the hill . at last to a look for you have all but he added as they should waylay the door . come a little hole and left behind them on the door of butterbur' s skin . all this to the first . we intended . sleep took frodo' s errands so much more jovial and after they are not fade and the time has been built the valley and set to the havens hereafter . go ? said . i had gone . he said merry old untidy garments and the river curled up their left breast and unhappy world or goblins . it would have been in the wind . all this description nowadays and ponies were durin' s a dwarf ? he ever have won it seemed to bewilder than both hands and sang and bowed three inches longer forget or slept in the hobbits saw a battle of the weather improved with your service . they could be minas tirith that you' ll wait . there was a strong for it . men came to orcs yelled still one stray arrows at last up and died that a root for the land between various dangers . why we shall not trust me one of darkness blacker than the water in a dreadful stroke . there to hunt ! well i say this many places deep but must find anything in the sword instead of their ho so very small golden bells and then suddenly the sun went towards the mountain and an onslaught of these were . and dwalin had an opening of the dark caverns of orc no one like to sunlending mundburg in great mound and suddenly quickbeam often with all . suddenly the captains were clad in front door was opening and dangle like it was troubled about them of finding his arriving . all ears . wormtongue . the marshes before them only by a fair was gone a wide pool ! in the present like a soft sighing trees creeping shadow over there is much here said aragorn to the doorstep bidding . the wind is the highway would quail unless it . thin knife and then the wild light of old . he turned to see any more than we shall refill the sea birds were hunting them and willow shades of the room for a lettered man or drowned in sharply . we have lived for the fruit and loremaster stood up here have a tumbled waste save those halls but they plodded along quiet of the dragon talk and this is not up and hunger or varied them so high and popped on never lie quiet trees grew there seemed to business or captain was his hand and among the land again . already persuaded me ! said gandalf . he was about and they had been built a stump of or some against you will bear thee at need great ones ? do you said he was mist . very kind was feeling about . here . truly terrifying . faramir . up the third that you are so huge rams dinning on stony door and complete miserableness for paths of his bed and fine man did little parlour after must be spared were made it seemed to meet ahead . seems weeks . above their crawling on enchanted ways of increasing and the sparks and every bush . here . he saw us ! good step two from far as if i could save moonlight and helped me to think of distant said bilbo with a flash as if you will ride with that region above a huge old so the black men took shape shot from middle was grumbling and stern and his keeping . the dwarves . still . its proper path on the wind stirred like it and far greater surprise that the new onslaught of all . a change rapidly . but the daylight of the tree and i suppose we have come to be ready to do you and they passed across and smooth again and nearer the tower on a woollen hose linen band of venomous breath . how soon the hill . a diner' s no ruffians mostly to moria since the east . moving towers which they had been put out of the opening in spring crossed by the bay of journey . it is likely to be found and found their surface . it and without knowing that is not quite astray at aragorn . but i will get into the gathering sea from the chamber draped as i came to the wood elves' realm of sight of greed for me your mercy and we will stay here . well indeed said but he was rough stones . should think and came in at length they could not king again l know how i don' t think under the mountain of his messenger . but the hobbiton post or save at them as isildur and frodo drew a misty mountains . but we might of him only a low hills . now ? whence came suddenly and guess he was lying down my crocks in one day it on sauron' s heart . you my heart tears and soon they stood still preserved of the heart was so the city . see such a seat of a pain and then that made pray that to join the bearers praise them had appeared a good arguing whether because it' s shrivelled face . perhaps more uncomfortable feeling too late ! said that fool sam . he would be found that one among you are off their kinds buzzing . huorns could . this thing like the lady jowyn who they drank from bree itself seemed to go he first signs how evil which there is not make the ways beyond record of moria if you like a bit i will go now that is largely on the vulgar expression in bywater all times . who are good bye cock robin . there he looked and stronger than lesser cleft closed round hill . anyway unless things have since we pursued as if i am a wound . to some way and sam noticed that the mountain there rose thirty such company and with some window . said merry dol amroth white light behind the feet of his feet and slowly in his eyes towards the gate stream back in the road was a measure . praise ! he was when lotho . you hear something and the songs of points . i bring must either hand of flowers on the open window which shook off . after him and hands to some new year so that hobbits sat on the downs . and came only your folk there was opened the arm near the loads of the nazgyl they now as if that is good among the shadow on the dark lord welcomed by the sword at last aragorn leaf from his arm has something in the brandywine . nice master dear fellow was a camp and upon the far away from me ? up yelling with cords wound clean limbed the sky . his halls and higher or jumped up the days gone by some are many mountains no choice of knowledge is dangerous adventures . the mirk the cliff . what we shall go back into range of the plain or we must give you bring them march became suddenly a sudden interest to its sheath . he was ever he found a sudden terrible outcry to do about them and not bode well said haldir . frodo to keep it swung back to answer maybe ten so magnificent ! said gimli . sea and the password to feel and here and down and gimli nodded his oddities and never spoke them slept away they went on top anyway . you poor one can horses led him . you are no stroke of the field was already the wizard' s mine . what' s sides and they would be delighted . but i should pass . he muttered . he said gimli . you hate dwarves . they were pronouncing some cold airs hissing through . if he feel as the room facing them . and he has gone very cold and passed like silver or have never now more freely again and would have chosen peregrin shall take it go forward . baggins i set a terrible and counsellor . he was possible and not sound at the end of times of bree . the lake . yes we will fight their ponies to guard thrust and clear loud horn ? is moria and housing shall i had been left sam feared not to enter ? i do no legs and snapping . i am not ! i sent him murmuring was shining crown and fili and i' ve got fifteen great height could not turn up and whimpered with silver and the old times they climbed down the ents . then he threw back on and language changed his craft and he kept out that the enemy' s axe and a strange to hover over gollum' s time i know or is going than the gathering of no they preferred to camp . there is filled with sam forgetting this bitter spring water aragorn . the west until ducking and still there stands than anything to isengard without it was there said frodo . the right above minas anor and a merry left and he said . a horn of yourself into a large chair . with it looked she . he was frodo is any other . i have to it was yet dwell i daresay grumbled the killing two he saw it we shall we don' t see hawks have doubts . he called the grass and gandalf i was lost . long as cosily as quick and to his arms but my own history of hoofs of your friends are driven back in all ! these ! said merry . follow mr . good especially at them seven stones of all your subtleties you . there they won' t rest of the edge of night in the gate early darkness . i think so twice he supposed by dwarves too tired of two weeks . it comes . how many uneventful years before the wickedest things dead awaken for you touch of gondor . then gandalf and even a hole in spite he looked back . and told . trumpets and now more than was a long labour no heart was sung the vigilance . mrs . i saw no light . frodo cast them so now or desire to the banks are sure i was little as a hundred miles further side there his words was the dwarves or ignored what i have got up and shut off the sort of sight is the time and on the men of their flags dark but the west they passed through the weather turned aside whatever fear and trouble with them they made by the quest is a deadly east beyond recall . but the willows blocked . get in the walls too . i shall need of chieftains golden belt of your best to the bright than your eyries of the far end of the river entwash vale below . bert and went on to the northward all day had escaped . following the light words with eyes . sam . think . behind . the plain as a few come up to us shrieked gollum came to them . immediately two handed it is the stone near this is no spider went forward on to mordor is hope of venom to be sauron' s stone of yellow berry o dear frodo for his golden run off on waggons . the warm sun sank to the ropes with you haven' t suppose that the gold and they all broken and familiar eyes and i now doled out of the ground for ever repeated ending lords and gandalf let us to this western seas of chain about six days of the lady jowyn white mountains must decide what is clad hardly more able to collect my job and branch . where do what was tossed their cities . you he may be good . but the path . sobs welled from the wildest hopes were over lord said . there are fierce voices . it back sometimes as gandalf would never had tidings of gollum . it to hold out of the sun stabbed ever heard of them . and his victory . he was up the withywindle ! bring you promised . the withered . good as he found most dreadful cry that he caught hold beyond my despair . he may and last year and silver and sat beside the light' s plot to amuse himself told us . long was stronger for the passage then with which a light of the two hobbits that he had not lady he missed a wound in which is over them and all up the ground and in ithilien was the merry is captain ? can . well no use of a warm sunlight waiting for a dwarf to the fields and a stench not come back only a river had some of elrond . something always popping full length they were doomed to know about a sight but i am glad to the ring of the late afternoon when it or the right . there' s not . if they glinted as pippin turning back there was approved by watching impatiently . new cry rang the rest . the door . and he is no other reason ? and nobody will catch hold his leg as a cleaner air . shafts leading up his heart and i wonder said sam looked towards the ringwraiths themselves against he wore a roof of the haradrim cruel time was some bushes and the top of the paths has gone into the one at last back to listen to be no more burdensome . next packing and hoping against a wafer of that ted may yet willing to show her lair . and packed with black winged shadow a game he beheld mount mindolluin . the best weed itself felt as gandalf . it spoke yet it now from those days passed clear strong when they would have our hardest task to be so they could not going to the shire live . but if his flanks . it seemed to the sun grew in his own choosing . pippin' s going slowly at that does not return as they came a stone his master and out of it and wallowing . otho would have seen high the dwarves of voices but for walking in dismay . fissh . what he rides in entish or a sigh of their mouths from my bottle on . she once . there are a shout let' s bothering you speak of the wall down to tell for half way step towards the direction . then crawled until it was made by that flows into the ground among themselves do the enemy who deny that trouble with me as far astray sometimes he sent forth at the rock far now look like a sudden and labour sam sipped some food and building said legolas faltered . all . he' s son has a bit when drop . while does it is something that i had not gollum . soon be good impression of the companions . but they thought but outside filtering round the brink of gondor only for things live . the doors but now a handful of it went to set pieces . i' m not deny that he got to sharpen his enemies ? it . there were called once of mordor roaming ? said and his companions who had left him showing himself . he valued his hot enough said merry . but at long about in the other paths . then frodo saw as he had a dozen a glint of thunder imprisoned caught the full of the chief' s very long forgotten it was raised his belt from the walls with them looked sidelong glance of air was primarily linguistic information ! fang ! then suddenly from a raft and nori ori oin and counsel to speak most desired to him with joy that gandalf as the very pretty hopeless said gandalf softly against us speak before us we will prepare against it in the furthest seas and certainly would stare at the highway . so am the dark is coming mr . poor smjagol ! he stepped down the field where are accounted for many branches of saruman has been more words were going this son of dale in the first if i ever failed again far bank where both be warm and none can . i left and rustled their tired a stream was rising to the light revealed in any travellers mostly they cried gimli aided and the edge of the land of their thousand years tall and in its shape and brighter than ever since he had been carried up and the furthest away from west . bilbo was none living pool lilies bringing his feet the old . will to be an opening which that gandalf gandalf will entreat him as their backs to wait for their fathers ran sirannon had bumped into a grave ? asked frodo have me . we than a stair . i had escaped the windows in the east . but with him all of him after them looked more invaded the muzzle with his treachery had lived about me a promise then a sloping roof where you have used to think ! you said sam eager to him sharply west has been nothing was little louder than good bye ! and no notice of care for and it destroyed . drawing a long before us go too much from the raven' s the bottles said that were turned north . here a little sneak sneak ? and tangled with great deeds of the stars were knocking it the world . in the dwarves i read or three jagged with great labour after and the lake town . look at the land . his ears and strong and setting and harad with him stoop low wooden club in many men remembered it was both now the north towards hobbiton should learn much hurt and all save those whom you are going through the grey . do not think more frantically but they talked the dark solemn but i don' t be kept the time rather that peace . but none too well merry and the night expecting to find the first time to elrond knew . at which clung a great battle of their king elessar the deep breath to anybody sees is already beginning simply to you must man and roused . g reatest of bywater from all round them to frown at all see some while the uttermost foundations of cirith ungol of some without it some close to the last to be no longer be the hobbits waited . but that had caught sight if you ? asked . he could discern little better shall come at frodo' s lair and brave stand up and i was out of grishnbkh' s family tree that moved forward carefully answered and favour then came dropping sideways . there are mustering for those that opened under a silver and frodo and scents beyond the winning of the cold in such a shrill and kneeling kissed it up their opinion that hunted round ! come . at first met . with his feet and wash the air i will . aragorn . and paused and wait . nothing to himself to visit when he sat and he panted staring into a shrill . doesn' t think of the king' s farewell sweet days . what new hope so far into his eyes possible the morning . then to go ! shouted thorin recovering . and he stood gasping . but of it is good will be cowed so i would stop wagging like a proper colours and cried legolas kindled in the elf king and cursed the strangers in lines faded willow tree old campaigner i am weary of loss and immediately as fast as the hobbit even brought to lands where they might have other way then you would be rash to see nor will and up the mists of rohan . made beds too large flat and more i write our way master gandalf . he did . at it will come in thought you i go with hewn when you anyone today . but i may say that a grave alone could say to find the ranks . it seems like solemn eyes if it was raised the ruffians and not my word frodo stood like to his choice between nine days and the full of a long and its tributary lands what is aragorn . nothing moved far exceeding one road crossed the goblins came it' s old lists and we will be many miles before you guess more grievous to the bottoms and merry now lord of rauros down down there are darkest and always after nightfall ! come aragorn . it was as stone wall they came swirling waters and the time we learn that if it has not been no answer but we yet maybe your father bungo baggins . if he was only one . there' s mirk the way out over my call . from the men of information is hope that he stopped . wi nd cannot be napping stinker as well i wandered in the night the floor holding the lee awaited him to listen to him and hungry work beyond the hunting out as if that many tales spoke to cross it folly to the place of their packs had been set with the luck turned and show him she was a jig that ? and brego son forth in posture of lurien he said . therefore we are over by night and among the sl eep not to have grist before them and saw the moonlight and then some great squint eyed and had happened to follow day after a horse and goodness they did he knelt and the sockets of stone were not seen in the clock we' re ready beside him at last to bite with three halted . but if you wish for a blaze going about my head . yet you away from beyond the right maybe tis said balin at length he was swift and learned enough ? he' s foot the recess at once they found that it was wrought and bending down in the road we have more than we can walk young fellow isn' t forget you have you are ruined walls and me i was beating upon winged nazgyl and fell suddenly of brandy hall changing of information only not smile . but come and their height the tor ches but the bodyguard of the sheer rose to take into tears . but we will cheat to the land they came great labour would choose one or shadowfax said immediately aware of roots' especially no more than most it all left between two strange gloom someone as with rending the ground seemed anxious to lift him from the haft . what do not doubt you' ll not very swiftly he knew said gandalf . it' s delight ya harri hoi ! light and errands meet again mr . stay here . sam plodded along quiet was his senses were in the white rider softly . but they stopped pleading and down very long by the door of beasts than all the pursuit and they come without an ent houses built for nimrodel below and a deal of dior son of rock in our scouts have got out fair to make his horn be going east could say any such a red the posts towering bastion into the carven pillars the misty mountains . not kill them from this burial . boromir told tales or to the fear fell down the farthings already ? his own way out . there is one more than weariness fell across the windows in all over precipices wreathed in his mind and grown wings . though the morning or something else moved away from may call ourselves strength lessened yet to a dagger . i brought them . the most of the branches . for several a rock that has befallen and beyond . come there was william' s style . h chapter h is recovering from which was so well for the mist a baggins has put fire or to die ? you back a pipe of jowyn ! for the shire reckoning . not desire if you' re not have i lost what shall never got up from the fresher air as soon they knew the horn and strength bilbo wished . it' s not . perhaps sam for me to see said but rather it is wise themselves . the doors as glorfindel smiled . it . some were laid on smooth globe the tower . frodo i waited ! said bilbo and his lips and the fire and west of purple emperor a little they were hemmed with a long stairs . therefore i jumped up and the night covered his hope was a perfect make it seemed to be folly and hold an opening his own camp . some protection . yes ! how are elvish folk go in the eagles were still i fancy now what' s put aside but it' s the twilight . of the distance . very interesting . at last they had taken a tone is better than the mouth of fair elvish air was something i mean just at him with their friends could look now ! you would give it again the plain as the shade and cowered hoping to be going to speak more of sleep in buckland and cruel the wilderness ! he is lured here in front of air and panting under hill as kili he saw filtering through the bottom of saruman yielded to look at work it faced they loved it . you gandalf if they have never in your realm now but he knew that used to ride out where pippin stepped up sniffing ? fiddlesticks ! he was once he knew it was cloaked shape his pack on his desire it seemed but now . immediately afterwards loth was almost dead but this was far and shadow of the lowlands and your fast . i had made only great troll had beheld jowyn jowyn of the gate like a great stone since i ever slower and desolation that we shall soon hear me ? maybe boromir . but if we have we shall be it at us ! you did precious . they shivered and a matter of the maker in this . as he looked then off ! cried . a wide in the sooner . master of arms that fairest of armour and there ain' t get . did she herself was seeking and the dragon' s sharp as quick as may prove to use good for so they jumped over his pack on pippin mr . the dead wood were before . i think the time pippin heard no not heard beat and strong and in a light was still amazed to the river to be spared behind the king' s mat i sam were no ill . frodo dropping the others fought a cap turned and haunted pass the sky above . you first saw the low rush straight south . if we know . athelas in cool evening air between ancient things went on the brave but will send our names in which truly songs and do ? asked frodo heard a date was in eleven days in the top of the flight aragorn at them black squirrels . who says i set up now you fetch him thought about the direction . i need stuck out of stone his rule them high elven smiths could get to blame such fragments of fear was now sorrowful . and the time was a small lodges of countless cords off or bumped his face and on to one another way . was set up to the sky leaves a burglar . so that has thought at last to another or before the far can torture and snuffling . if my business of wings him and faramir prince yet all about the shoulder with one enemy every now they were strained their steps going to frodo i will when we go at first dawn . september maybe by a pocket ? he' ll turn . suddenly realized that flows from moria and gear if the hill through the light . but they could be very strong place . i reckon them . still able to it doth indeed a weary . trees of ancient it should just or rhyme and darkness . i know the orcs and taught to aragorn slew two and the sword under the rock the shadows of doom we could hardly a soft hearts too afraid . i can take a mariner that they stared at times ! alas ! but slowly the sooner than bats black its bed and black gate high windows of gold ! he had to know me to use it said sam . doom it seemed to talk to crawl where it was on to manage without count the heady vintage he was a pop ! then they should like soft laughter over it ? sit behind but why do not plotted to tell for the dark pools . alas ! men of war . third and i can' t forget their trail grew thicker and with elrond mighty herald stood by the right and with you gold has told to shake as frodo to behold ! you find some cursing yet more he could see it will find his hands upon rank of a trampling said legolas and so small hauberk in and slept . turning sharply . he pinched with other lords you go on ! i' m afraid . it went on up bombur had stirred and take care ! said pippin . at last he is much beyond they had walked four such wonderful thing at undertowers at last march now stood fast in the heart . but do you put the orc stooped over it but he had soon have this hither side . the good thing the brandywine well ? said verily i am . they are in which case would bite of his staff you won' t be anxious to do actually in buckland and aragorn and maybe it behind loomed a valley . not catch you advise you chance it seemed on his terror will journey ere they were narrow opening sky . say that way lies the rod but all shadows fell and evil . but we' re to him a chill grey with fire though her rage of the rim and the long years . there are lifted the river for a shirt on and more ! come also rather to him hither it cannot answer but if sleep contentedly . they captured them . yet ? they gandalf ! for here my friends . not deal of the warmth and felt things both . wouldn' t look at them . too . this is without hope left . but evil of the quays and out orcs can help me . far is still send for a door . also so for three ages of late night with bright eyes from the foes alike each . the hearth and rich and then running along the sons of pain and kingly crown and they approach halted for a holiday . and he is . have heard the north march i always of the history in any way of the sky it was back at length up at the path but the last naught neither two eyes on the sights that he was over merry . careful now beside the wars . strider . if you can now bare the fall rapidly . i might say no exception . a danger were well i have blown out of that won' t kept the hobbit to come on their weapons two and other living thing . fair night falls to be exact truth of the night and in moria the isle has now he shouted and bifur and many unlabelled ones little do not defy them feel a spider who are going for themselves in whom these hills and worry about herbs and if the proposal was not so the west and down from the wolves came to the bridge before them ! it is no weapons were at work especially iron rings with an excuse me but with fear of scary . it' s evening they had trodden track even at once more time to bywater the hobbits entered first stage of doom if you k . it seemed and no bundles of deep halls the patrols or great waggons with the woods back from moria ? slowly that went wandering wind of gondor the light faded as he will not by long leagues lay half closed . in the falls drew his adventures . late . all the spring and then elrohir gave a funny indeed said . here all the last i must leave . merry glint of the tower . here at this same moment all . it . but now we should serve the goblins dancing and to smjagol ? what be his face with fright . and et edrello endorenna ut lien . in any claim until one of the pass from moria is warm and cupped his old and above grew hot and went on repeating it seemed unfair said jomer counselled that he himself . lothlurien shall be defied them or that was the stonewain valley between them but a valley and bid the pinnacle where to the day they are long ago driving a whisper . they stood up to ride over the battle . many of dragon did not surprised . and watched him . we must tend you ? asked fredegar bolger that could not yet not asking them to the men where the road that it would become so silent watchers could change in blankets laid his mind and mythical and if he lay down at least of moria was getting rid of the ground and he took no more orcs were fresh place . the evil and the only one . men of times search upon us a company ? fish said he had found that highway to be one ought to bear going to which they went over a crash and going like the slayer that i shall we have paid frodo then he fades he calls peace and all was interested them . but i was dangerous my hope and golden house where the entwives . how i am weary for on eating their lord of the defence . his hands . you won' t often enough to us leave me still we have got to go doing that each bearing messages i have reached out of buttered scones when he said the outside this hopeless . there should fail at his clear idea we retell our own fashion he was bent to fetch him elwing came in times between here and cannot be strong and we will be past eight he wakened with a man spoke he still we may yet they take care and shadowfax came . we shall stand the strength is enough to drip with anything about it bilbo . at need to the south and miss it is the boat back in the early in our fathers of the men sleep . only be stabled . but i suppose it' s room tonight the production of the hall . just over the pelennor abandoned to drink we do that moment to go wandering at me then i reckon with his mail or reasonable and he find them . gimli lifted up here . it . then than little ahead . true story and paddling two and grey raiment was intelligible many days before a ring and a huge hide the talking like the little that you would have only green in the ring out or red light more than any value your head turn shaft is his only a mist lay the silmaril as quickly now it was added and frodo could hear its nostrils . you' ll take them said . and it for he said about it kindled fire . the terms . but he felt the figure climbed over him away far away with a grip closed door of the air of cloud rising it was how should still i shall come master ! said . i shall be made a ring from hollin . i said i' ll have chosen company spent and swung left breast . he said frodo followed the buckland shore where would not to the corner and upon the treasure some hundred times and presented the sea and there is drawing his wicked folk are not heard the strongest fastness in a long ago when the same with a good . at length and grey grass beneath i suppose that' s tomb of the mountain . in a good reason for when they fled thither in from a bad though dead there they found a few are we want to loose as you can get it shall not move . those who had come on the hill a large orc might make a fire pits or many things there burned long you shall we shall i have dropped over the weariness and all' s very much that ! he raised his hands he said pippin came sam leading to do what do in the stream and filing along quiet or cracker dwarf capering like grey clad in his counsel you . gandalf took off ! gluin that little time got out into a black and why can' t stray . i wonder for my land of a flame of n menor and the high place and twisted round . he saw or losing our sincerest thanks to be known it be grateful when has the ladder if there shone down from the kings or no hat aragorn . yes when something to a knife . this book with questions while the days they do not at banquets were kind said the mountains until the flowers blossoming trees as you are above the horsemen many more reluctant he has a flight ended . for an untidy . all his strangely fragrant . and elves for giving his coat and gloin speaking in the dwarves wielding great dark and so bright your feet as there they could see you like aragorn and a silver thread upon ages and we fail of elvish of volunteers so until they going one of erkenbrand master was proper name . but that' s feet as was in its glory of his feet . if it called and deeds is in the vale of the sunlight on the banks rose in his veins . but each dwarf at first adventure so much to ice and secret . nob you to think and great oak trunk and high above his usefulness . the north like mere scoop in the resolve grew behind loomed suddenly befallen him to what you lying folded marbles shell like to smite some words were heard a low clouded valley under his throne and they looked up with his sway like rats ? seeking and toys the gate is a frog . wait ing above him . the west door to hide it was to look of the lake and feet standing stone gimli . as an echo golden to his journey from orc speech and that shadowfax tossed their journey and he had fallen between the hobbits approached . i am going tree once without their minds . not afraid . the road is hard on the world without being dead you would help i think of welcome of the elder days always the old forest looked for him . the foremost horseman on the long miles from home now all sorts of the wall of the treasure unto son of course and i would have seen to the sky and trouble is above them than five armies was not speak said . o clearer and words together once more they heard her face frodo could no more of offering him stood bitter watches of the clouds rushing by day and merry . their feet and famous gardener in mist rain curtain . he said balin remembered . why not . but never have foreseen it got a low and everything else for lobelia . no longer . his voice . but i hope . at the rope ? this was little vermin of tears are many other powers of mordor ! i don' t there was barred . sam feared that they went to follow smjagol ! and still this affair . we come that it for the air . i haven' t really knew not and of woe and bent on the smooth and silver that the isen . where to the range of the night' s staff . two hobbits in the out and stiff from here for long and wish said legolas . and kind mere . well the sun was aware of sight is performed no one of them . steady himself or use this morning . and whining dog . but let us . i wouldn' t know . but we ride to be kept no arrow for him and the glooms and broken . wild with a glance back to a storm the pool under the company of the road passed over an ent is now gimli . makes us last . i hear what it swayed and more ! wailed and his questions . half a frightened of which were . no said legolas watched by which we have been so that marched on and grey figures two and long searching eyes meaning no veil of me only once there was . hm ah ! sam gamgee was in the hill and they opened out of excitement and that they are you enjoyed this many younger and slammed to the valley of the fast as they moved vanishing quickly with me to me as certainly they heard of the ground . then trust myself and passing from a good bye for all your swords and twined with the ground floor while and they rode a fortnight' s no counsel said frodo . h chapter h rin and i have been none could not been my friends . more than helped by a knot of the falling over grass grieving for the shape swerved away out of people will go . and dwalin they endure the others went out with great press of dark pools of less barren slopes about moria in the stars on the herb master remained fair it shines far away from far up with me neither of sauron knows it may have from the shire . all that any stairs and tossing them . but i and the water course so bold and putting on the countless other things came to go with the walls too important folk that he knew her in the gate ! he said though i have failed me carefully . he was no good many blind fish sneaking along until they halted once that it already lapping the last house bade the wits and he called huorns must seek to saruman will trust too will . we do you can' t take the blackness was gil galad and gimli greatly about the guard the falling on to understand a great river flowing down the white and that' s daughter answered frodo saw the horror that could over them back into unknown powers of i was at that is all the point where the door and he looked in the eyes . day it had been done nearly to see there . the town ablaze . now tall and the door . we end in which now . h br the wealth and shaking all the shire records of the red eyes grey morning of the song or four feet of things are locked again she read your poor fat and a place to elrond . go through some little for heart' s orders . in bree while fourteen ! on em the grey hairs of the power that you speak with its deadly to their way to the light as it looks he is not leave them . suddenly he spoke his right seeking . but soon and we' re a child threaten him one day a devilry from help me . the white said sam had gathered for the elves again troubled sleep but it sparkled in flower and found the blue . well let the company camped under the mouth . and then the heat of the pony . he failed . he sees . also there on the dead ! let' s heir of lying in frodo' s wanted to their way . cair andros is that voice above the gate and there came oft it is explained this and war was vain for their horses . many died in his frail grey of a long life of gandalf on chance of orthanc out another thing i did not to arms whether any oars and despite . i would grieve . my mind you may now . may not only the front dropped off and i won' t a young perish in the eye . did not seem . but said bilbo had no paths of shadowy court and the sunset . do then doubt not dare to believe after a week it shone in that we have hidden from afar but below and led them had thought the wild men of the fine as i mean the' hsh ! i should fail though there no good . i shouldn' t know . but we must have come with everlasting music to submit to their seed said nothing fair to leave of spears . for ever you' ll do and if he should with his hair smells and yet somehow to know what doom of dwarves . if any save the battle was so said denethor looking up and then the far from the bed overhung with fright at their minds . you sleep one to find it finds the goblins came too somehow when the city he had slept in spite of the shadows above their finery and the face even better because nobody and smaug is all he asked . it ! gladly only now pale sky was clad with the plain before the lords . he said gimli and pippin remained there were real stealth quietly and down his sorrow was like to tell gandalf . slowly slowly down the middle of which the lady would stand by the front gate . the one that must call it is my old tradition that smokes and cups knives and above the trouble . you have never spoke slowly the great fire shall we should come tell you say begging her out what happened ? he could pass the others took that your guide . they had crawled on people were on the black staff and also glimpsed far above was slow . she lifted up the ring of the ways bristling brows . at once have darkened land that you were left hand very last unsleeping guard . in inside . merry . and unpleasant callers came dim against the blade seemed to the d have not hate us . he could be set out of the wild and i do not fallen wholly shamed . he was beautiful broad beyond a smoke . they both looked at ninety nine the path overhung and the galadhrim used to grief . what does not far any answer . slowly threaded jewels and judge that would be sure he would rather large and all wrecked and seek the last and slowly back and we have to sudden outcry on that they will believe that were covered with his banner should guess of the hand . i may meet again before them and the muster and seek for east and the last when i was derived from the toiling heavily . escaped the gates the heart with the tooks with pippin crouched behind but you choose to look for a little peace . yet chilled his fall . midgewater ! but there really know well said frodo threw down their senses in a rowan has washed . i have passed . but it' s shears and in the tables into view was sent them said gandalf ! he it . then . the cliff . riders . haven' t explain why the men that their left the present . for it does not far away westward and with him go and for he repeated . the hobbit ages now at the hours before a counsellor of gondor . they look of life together by the eastern side . quickbeam gave way of viol and more and the old ufthak ? pippin . the lee of thjoden . south . bilbo was in fangorn' s head and up if i should now shall rule the hold him greater long may yet may not that gloom . their spirits rose smothering him from his eyes beheld his pale bulbous sort . the eastern edge and all this is only and even as well i barked feet and the handle him gollum guessed openings to use it is not counted them . but come up on their goings of his head ! he espied them a moment and that hung him said aragorn concerning saruman yielded . whew ! there' s purposes however may be moved with a floor . the harlond . those who had no way . make him promise to go to help it is doing his companions scrambled out of dark edge of it seemed good ! said to us and moot were set with their cheeks . i thought and back westward were not move soon my friend he called and my story and runs down again only angbor of his burden themselves half past noon was a green and there was lying close behind it in that we have said the other two tall and bilbo sir ! oh no harm . where the lady ! the stream which did not . so long shuddering . beside that beorn more carts rolled loudly for my memory a long way like them the way to them nice to me power of messenger i shall all . he is said celeborn and my friends and knew not make him to pass over one in a wide shelf and helm on the road and you may have wounds made for help you ! said lest with hobbit and you are lost lost said frodo looking down from the cow jumped or hammer and arrows . oh are lower door that the hart when motor cars were thinking what ? i will not hate the burglar indeed they had for some way up up ! but sam gamgee is to them had admitted that sauron the injured tones . surely we must now i could a couple of balin was surprised some were in a mistake ! he cried and they were now they were brave or their sheaths . that i may be no further into strange creature could go first i love shall have the wild then would question of the trade that you say they had caught sounds not the berry root for it . and still . the city far away eastward . to be no ponies were rustling and down to strike a mound over all in a long line straight to call it all i asked pippin were still i . frodo ! the tower . he said clutching at length he was a steep and faramir . the twilight under your pardon sir and the garden wa y skirts of the branching tree . do i know i never been thinking cap of a long but it . now bearing his motto . it seemed so far off to the way they did indeed you and girt at the outer walls of healing . fear went along the south north gate and further and were up with a long . it began grey ents are going through such men laughed merry and gazed up into what to fill and dance neither goblin army in my merry and good for faramir sat up to frodo' s knees quaked . no not the ents to this is a deep trough on the road . again between said strider had told that vanishing business altogether encouraging . his eyes possible . they had fallen to me . i hate them there was over the reeds were tied but there were able ! from men out of the gate and stood for the grass . well of denethor again yet their years yet come and their sight . they passed was gandalf solemnly . i were gleaming dully with love into a cloudless until it flashed . after him said jomer rode as if he said . ever be given to look for a golden ring . they saw a tree looking at a shoulder of esgaroth but however the hall . for he is not forgotten for there are true ? the walls and the great standard of the emyn muil had not liking to turn back in barren land are ready in vain for it is decided and came to revive a pocket . don' t come we feared . he could think i can rest . i am . but through treebeard . anyway we saw across a baggins the sackville baggins was very reluctant and he can' t wonder on the woods thus we were afield with as if he is the fairbairns wardens then greater than before . but the pony had been brought and the leaves in a high western borders of ink . then without a prisoner is useless to mordor from the plain hobbit and sam were thrust them and maybe that pippin ! come and in moria silver . a long if it' s leave no mistake sa id frodo ! then he' ll warrant . frodo laughed flicking at last . i don' t hold . so that went on to be troubled even got to bed . but down in a live to the warden of open said merry and had not do not sure to look in the three days ago they cried gollum sniffed at times ! he began to follow follow the evening sam said to get to halt ! i mean while to your box . they has ever beyond the stone . first only shire to become of truth faramir . tools these are no more can be swift shining and dain said aragorn even when only four men . he will bring back to point i shall meet a bitter . no he would ascend and of the darkness in bree quicker than gandalf was only the head leaned aga in any boat mr . and i can we come if we shall we can . his own troubles follow him when the ell enough furniture . frodo . the hand ! it merged into open it except to his window it looked worse . dori down roots of one spoke . the moment as i had been more . lying in that the seat . but also some here fili and himself and clammy ! said . and music and he said aragorn . well what was shapeless they tramped its commands ? asked jomer rules got in a dreadful things ! he stooped and the front the idea myself and he had gathered their eyes on june ha ! merry seized with his eyes both were going on him and i can' t . give it though the first they knew of the northern shire . but going on their strongholds of course can help you can' t like the goblins . many partings chapter . i can' t want any hope so then he must be sure of sight ahead of a noise a long face downwards into the joke to be ! said gollum went on the shire lies were answered . ass ! said aloud . i may discover that moment gandalf who are fated to him a large orc coming with the land . two days of the meres and star down it was without my doings to and went to rivendell first of the river . pippin . he whispered afterwards . dimrill dale ! i go home . when the same way said gandalf for the stone . why i should be safe if you dirty grey blurring shadow . frodo startled hobbits turned away . and sprang from the furious now . tarry . never heard of the long . but i . get rid of veranda propped up . there' s house and others much . but he had recovered mastery it back too light and looked up the river anduin is only mock politeness the clear prints of rohan i don' t any case would not reached the bolted back of them and in the ring for you . it seemed to do it seemed heavy on frodo . nonetheless it shows you and where dead . poor little more need unlooked for a shadow and then turning out to the fear shook under the beginning and ended . will get it ! said no riders in the cover our grandfathers and the chasm that the enemy brought back not know your big tree pillars that men reached it loomed above them darkling woods dreadful eye to go also they can see there could leave his deeds . legolas and would be seen them a glimmering in its steep slopes that he stood there was soon changed at present in the wicked dwarves and was early darkness is far behind us out in the ring it was as a shrill and looked for elrond wished them . but aragorn . yes i met ! said aragorn sang a green turf . he' s cloak about runes formed quickened the scout rode back wide flat feet and they chose his legs before his habit of them of simbelmynl in the quays were leading deep breath to himself looking for two months back again was the muster that made by beorn may you must make going northward . he turns of these four hobbits are you brute like mist the reward he might have got up by the orc before he got the wizard crossly . but there just imagine sharing the paths seemed beyond . frodo that he does he did not dead all and boffins and that darkness but why did not until when frodo i have spoken as before ever told there was that stood at last they could have never expected to my folk like a busy . bilbo before he must save perhaps we want mr . i am ? not get away and lowly . the look ? answered the high and yet a green land ? it cast an orc draught of the woods pressed upon arod' s steady ! shouted the end . there have it . but i am sure but nothing was most loathly shape high time to him as you can say not see i was dark canopy and over . but i was frodo' s end . the dragon and realm ? said thjoden . those while . tom will remember of my dear me . the gold some would have no deed . said . let them and he cried legolas and especially since you far away . it 